b'' b'' b'----------------------------------------------------------------------' b'open letter by dr. paul h. blackman, research coordinator for' b'nra-ila. nra official journal b'-----------------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b'dear sir:' b'' b"by now, we are used to the new england journal of medicine's publication" b'of small-scale studies related to firearms from which conclusions are' b'drawn which are quantum leaps from the data, followed by announcements of' b'momentus "scientific" findings. these are regularly released to the press' b'without the caveats which riddle the conclusory paragraphs, and' b'often accompanied by an editorial calling attention to the findings.' b'generally, while they at least present a few interesting data, however' b'meaningless, the studies misinterpret statistics, and ignore or belittle' b'serious studies by criminologists.' b'' b'the latest effort "handgun regulations, crime, assaults, and homicide:' b'a tale of two cities," by j.h. sloan, et al., with the accompanying' b'editorial, "firearms injuries: a call for science," by two employees' b'of the centers for disease control (november however, is an insult' b'to the intelligence of any serious scholar in any field and have so few' b'data and so many flaws that i feel compelled to write at some length' b'to call attention to various major and minor failings, in no particular' b'order.' b'' b'1. the authors misleadingly cite wright, et al. (ref. to' b'support the statement that "some have argued that restricting' b'access to handguns could substantially reduce our annual rate' b'of homicide." wright, et al., in fact studied and rejected that' b'contention.' b'' b'2. the authors pretended that vancouver and seattle are very' b'similar cities with similar economic circumstances, histories,' b'demographic characteristics, and the like. in fact, the cities' b'are very different with very different demographic characteristics' b'which appear to explain completely the higher homicide rate in' b'seattle. both cities are over three-forths non-hispanic white' b'and *the non-hispanic white homicide rates are reported to be' b'the same in seattle and vancouver*. it is the different back-' b'grounds, problems, circumstances, and behaviors of the various' b'ethnic minorities which explain the difference in homicide.' b'' b"3. the authors pretend they are evaluating canada's gun law," b"compared to washington state's. but they do not examine at all" b'the situation in vancouver prior to the gun law taking effect' b'in as it happens, in the three years prior to that b'1977), vancouver averaged homicides per year, one-eighth' b'involving handguns, (ref. and in the seven years of the nejm' b'article there were homicides per year, one-eigth involving' b'handguns. surely even the medical profession recognizes that' b'one must look to see the prior situation was before concluding' b'that a change made a difference? would a physician conclude that' b'a patient was benefiting from eating oat bran muffin each day' b'for seven years because his cholesterol level was without' b'at least seeing if it was before he started the regimen?' b'' b'4. the authors pick two medium-sized cities to evaluate a national' b'gun law. nothing can be learned from such a tiny and arbitrarily' b'selected sample. seattle appears to have been selected because' b'it was convienient for the authors rather than for any scientific' b'reason. would physicians call something a scientific study which' b'involved one experimental subject and one dissimilar "control"?' b'had different arbitrarily selected cities been chosen, opposite' b'"scientific" conclusions would follow: vancouver\'s homicide' b'rate *exceeds* that of such "wild west" cities in texas as' b'el paso, corpus christi, austen, and, in colorado, colorado' b'springs. (ref. b'' b'5. the authors fail to clearly demonstrate that firearms or' b'handguns "are far more commonly owned in seattle than in' b'vancouver." they use two surrogate approaches in pretending' b'to study the availability of firearms/handguns. the first is' b'an apples-and-oranges effort to compare the number of carry' b'permits in seattle to the number of registered handguns in' b'vancouver. but the number clearly understates the number of' b'handguns in seattle, and counts primarily *protective* handgun' b'owners. the second, however, tells nothing about the number' b'of handguns in vancouver, and counts *non-protective* handguns' b'for the most part. where is it difficult to obtain handguns' b'legally for protection, registration figures are' b'meaningless. there are registered handguns in new york' b'city (new york daily news, sept. comparing the two,' b'that method suggests about handguns per population' b'in new york city compared to in vancouver, meaning vancouver' b'has a greater "prevalence of weapons" than new york city.' b'' b'the second method of measuring gun density is "cook\'s gun' b'prevalence index, a previously validated measure of intercity' b'differences." but the validation was by cook of his own' b'theory. (ref. normally, second opinions are sought from a' b'different doctor. more significantly, the cook index is' b'based on the average of the percentage of firearms involvement' b'in suicide and homicide. so the authors are basically taking' b'a measure of misuse. unsurprisingly, gun misuse in homicide' b'(42% in seattle, in vancouver) is related to gun misuse in' b'homicide plus suicide, divided by two in seattle, in' b'vancouver). the authors are not measuring the relative avail-' b'ability of firearms, or of handguns, in seattle and' b'vancouver.' b'' b'6. the authors misstate the laws of both washington and' b'canada. they neglect to mention the significant fact that' b'washington has a waiting period and background check prior to' b'the purchase of a handgun, and that provisions exist in canadian' b'law for owning and carrying handguns for personal' b'protection. the authors also make it appear that it is more' b'difficult to get a handgun legally in canada than is actually' b'the case.' b'' b'7. the authors ignore all other factors which might explain' b'the differences in crime rate, beyond some vague mention of the' b'penalities provided by law and the roughest of estimates of' b'clearence for one particular offense homicide involving a' b'firearm. there is no measure of: the differences in the number' b'of law enforcement officers; their aggressiveness in making' b'arrests for gun law violations in the two jurisdictions; arrest' b'rates for other offenses; conviction rates; actual sentences' b'imposed for gun-related crimes, violent crimes without guns,' b'or gun law violations; or incarceration rates. whereas social' b'scientists would attempt to measure and hold for such differences,' b'the authors of the nejm "tale of two cities" fail even to mention' b'most factors related to crime control.' b'' b'8. the authors dismiss claims that handguns are an effective' b'means for protection unless the criminal is killed. such is not' b'the case. criminologists (ref. have found that almost' b'650,000 americans annually use handguns for protection from' b'criminals, and that using a gun for protection reduces the' b'liklihood that a crime rape, robbery, assault will be' b'completed by the criminal and reduces the likelihood of injury' b'to the victim. it is interesting, nonetheless, that the authors' b'reported the same number (four) of civilian justifiable homicides' b'without firearms in each city but that less restrictive seattle' b'accounted for of the reported civilian justifiable homicides' b'involving firearms.' b'' b'9. the centers for disease control, which funded the "study,"' b'editorially praised the paper, (ref. saying it "applied' b'scientific methods to examine a focus of contention betweeb' b'advocates of stricter regulation of firearms, particularly' b'handguns." there is nothing in the paper which could possibly' b'be mistaken for "scientific methods" by a sociologists or' b'criminologists. the vancouver-seattle "study" is the equivolent' b'of testing an experimental drug to control hypertension by finding' b'two ordinary-looking middle-class white males, one aged b'and the other and without first taking their vital signs,' b'administering the experimental drug to the 25-year-old while' b'giving the 40-year-old a placebo, then taking their blood pressure' b'and, on finding the younger man had a lower blood pressure,' b'announcing in a "special article" a new medical breakthrough.' b'it would be nice to think that such a "study" would neither be' b'funded by the cdc or printed by the nejm.' b'' b'since the longstanding anti-gun biases of the nejm and the cdc' b'make them willing to present shoddy research as "scientific' b'breakthroughs" in "special articles" and editorials relating' b'to firearms, we are obligated to correct the record by notifying' b'the news media and those with congressional and executive oversight' b'over the activities of the centers for disease control about' b'the distortions contained in "handgun regulations, crime, assaults,' b'and homicides: a tale of two cities" and "firearm injuries: a call' b'for science." clearly, all scientific standards go by the wayside' b'whenever the cdc and the new england journal of medicine seize' b'an opportunity to attack firearms ownership in america.' b'' b'references' b'' b'1. wright jd, et al, *weapons, crime and violence in america*: a literature' b'review and research agenda, washington, d.c.: department of justice,' b'1981.' b'' b'2. scarff e. *evaluation of the canadian gun control legislation*: final' b'report. ottawa: ministry of the solicitor general of canada, b'p. b'' b'3. department of justice, federal bureau of investigation, *crime in' b'the united states*, (uniform crime reports). washington, d.c.:' b'government printing office, b'' b'4. cook pj. *the role of firearms in violent crime*. in: wolfgang m.' b'weiner na, eds. *criminal violence*, beverly hills, calif.: sage, b'236-90, pp. b'' b'5. kleck g. *crime control through the private use of armed force*.' b'social problems b'' b'6. ziegenhagen ea, brosnan d. *victim responses to robbery and crime' b'control policy*. criminology. b'' b'7. lizotte aj. *determinants of completeing rape and assault*. journal' b'of quantitative criminology. b'' b'8. sayles sl, kleck g. *rape and resistance*. paper at the american society' b'of criminology convention, chicago, b'' b'9. mercy ja, houk vn. *firearm injuries: a call for science*.' b'nejm: b'==========================================================================' b'' b'guns and sputter' b'by james d. wright' b'(from july issue of reason, free minds free markets)' b'' b'someone once wrote: "statistics are like a bikini. what they real is' b'suggestive, but what they conceal is vital." the problem is demonstrated' b'by the most recent entry in a long line of scientific research purporting' b'to show a causal link between gun availability and homicide. funded by' b'the federal government and published last year in the new england journal' b'of medicine, the study compared homicide rates in seattle and vancouver and' b'suggested that a handgun ban "may reduce the rate of homicide in a' b'community."' b'the nine medical doctors who published "handgun regulations, crime,' b'assaults, and homicide" essentially reasoned in three steps: despite' b'many historical, social, and demographic similarities, vancouver' b'has a markedly lower homicide rate because its stricter gun regulations' b'make guns less available. the second step in their reasoning seems' b'indisputable. the overall homicide rate in seattle (for the period' b'1980-86) was per popuation, compared with in vancouver.' b'homicide is definitely more common in seattle. the question then becomes,' b'why?' b'the authors present a believable although not entirely accurate case' b'to support the notion, as claimed in the third step of their reasoning,' b"that vancouver's handgun regulations are much more stringent. but their" b'evidence on the difference in gun *availabilty* is indirect and' b'unpersuasive; indeed, they acknowledge that direct evidence on the point' b'does not exist. they offer two fragments of inferential data in support' b'of the claim that guns are more available in seattle; but for all anybody' b'knows as a matter of empirical fact, the opposite could be true. we' b'are therefore being asked, at the conclusion of the study, to believe that' b'a difference in gun availability explains the difference in homicide rates' b'when a difference in gun availability has not itself been established.' b'indeed, the situation is even more troublesome. the first of the two' b'indirect bits of evidence is a difference between the number of concealed-' b'weapons permits issued in seattle and the number of restricted-weapons' b'permits issued in vancouver. differences between the two cities in the' b'permit regulations render these two numbers strictly noncomparable.' b'* the second bit of evidence is "cook\'s gun prevalence index," which stands' b"* at percent for seattle but only percent for vancouver. cook's index" b'* however, does not measure the relative prevalence of gun ownership in' b'* various cities. it measures gun misuse--it is an average of the percentage' b'* of homicides and suicides involving firearms.' b'* in the present case, the index shows only that in homicides and suicides,' b'* firearms are more likely to be used in seatte than in vancouver. to take' b"* cook's index as a measure of general firearms availability, it must be" b'* assumed that the proportional involvement of guns in homicides and suicides' b'* is directly related to their relative availability in the general' b'* population. but this is exactly what the authors are seeking to prove. to' b'* assume what one is seeking to prove, then to "prove" it on the basis of' b'* that assumption does ot constitute scientific evidence for anything.' b'even if we were to grant, on the basis of no compelling evidence, that' b'guns are less common in vancouver, we might still question what causes what.' b"the authors attribute seattle's higher crime rate to a higher rate of gun" b'ownership. but it might well be argued that low crime or homicide rates' b'reduce the motivation for average citizens to obtain guns--in other words,' b'that crime rates explain the variation in gun ownership, not vice versa.' b"in fact, it was once commonly argued that great britain's low rate of" b"violent crime was a function of that nation's strict gun laws and the" b'consequent low rate of gun ownership--until british researcher colin' b'greenwood found that great britain had enjoyed low rates of violent crime' b'for many decades before strict firearms controls were enacted. to invoke' b'an ancient methodological saw, correlation is not cause.' b'nor do the problems with this study end with its lack of direct data' b'on gun ownership. the authors say seattle and vancouver are "similar in' b'many ways," implying that they differ mainly in gun availability, gun-law' b'stringency, and crime rates. this is an evident attempt to establish' b'the ceteris paribus condition of a sound scientific analysis--that "all' b'else is equal" among things being compared.' b'* clearly the two cities are similar in some ways, but a closer look' b'* reveals differences in ways that are relevant to their respective crime' b'* or homicide rates. the cities are closely matched in what percentage' b'* of their population is white percent and percent). but seattle' b'* is about percent black, while vancouver is less than percent.' b"* vancouver's minority population is overwhelmingly asian. so although the" b'* authors show that th two cities are approximately comparable on a half-' b'* dozen readily available demographic indicators, they have not shown' b'* that all potentially relevant sources of variation have been ruled out.' b'* in fact, the differences in racial compositions of the two cities is' b"* particularly relevant in light of the study's breakdown of homicide rates" b'* according to the race of the victim. for the white majority, the homicide' b'* rates are nearly identical--6.2 per in seattle, in vancouver.' b'* the differing overall homicide rates in the two cities are therefore due' b'* entirely to vastly different rates among racial minorities. for blacks,' b'* the observed difference in homicide rate is to and for hispanics' b'* to (methodoligical complexities render the asian comparison' b'* problematic, but it too is higher in seattle than in vancouver.) racial' b'* minorities are much more likely to be the victims of homicide in seattle' b'* than in vancouver; the white majority is equally likely to be slain' b'* in either city.' b'since the nearly initial difference in homicide reates between the' b'cities is due exclusively to or differences between minority' b'groups, it is fair to ask why postulated difference in "gun availability"' b'(or gun-law strigency) would matter so dramatically to minorities but not' b'matter at all to whites. can differential gun availability explain why' b'blacks and hispanics--but not whites--are so much more likely to be killed' b'in seattle than in vancouver? (studies in the united states, incidentally,' b'do not show large or consistent racial differences in gun ownership.)' b'or are other explanations more plausible? could the disparity between' b'canadian and american rates of poverty among racial minorities have' b'anything to do with it? what are the relative rates of drug or alcohol' b"abuse? of homelessness among each cty's minority population? (the city" b'of seattle runs the largest shelter for homeless men west of the' b'mississippi.) unemployment among young, central-city, nonwhite men in the' b'united states usually exceeds percent. what is the comparable canadian' b'percentage?' b'the crucial point is that canada and the united states differ in many' b'ways, as do cities and population subgroups with the two countries. absent' b'more detailed analysis, nearly any of these "many ways" might explain part' b'or all of the difference in homicide rates. in gross comparisons such' b'as those between seattle and vancouver, all else is *not* equal.' b'* the authors of this study acknowledge that racial patterns in homicide' b'* result in a "complex picture." they do not acknowledge that the ensuing' b'* complexities seriously undercut the main thrust of their argument. they' b'* also acknowledge that "socio-economic status is probably an important' b'* confounding factor in our comparison," remarking further that "blacks' b'* in vancouver had a slightly higher mean income in than the rest of' b'* vancouver\'s population." given the evidence presented in the article,' b'* it is possible that all of the difference in homicide rates between seattle' b"* and vancouver results from greater proverty among seattle's racial" b'* minorities. but the authors pay no further attention to this possibility,' b'* since "detailed information about household incomes according to race' b'* is not available for vancouver."' b'the largely insurmountable methodological difficulties confronted in' b'gross comparative studies of this sort can be illustrated with as simple' b'example. if one were to take all u.s. couties and compare them in terms' b'of pervalence of gun ownership and crime or homicide rates, one' b'would find an astonishing pattern: counties with more guns have less crime.' b'would one conclude from this evidence alone that guns actually reduce' b'crime? or would one insist that other variables also be taken into' b'account? in this example, the "hidden variable" is city size: guns are' b'more common in small towns and rural areas, whereas crime is a big-city' b'problem. if researchers failed to anticipate this variable, or lacked the' b'appropriate data to examine its possible consequences, they coud be very' b'seriously misled. in the study at hand, the authors matched two cities' b'for size but not for minority poverty rates or other hidden variables,' b'and their results are impossible to interpret.' b'in the editorial "firearm injuries: a call for science" accompanying' b'the study, two officials from the centers for disease control lauded the' b'authors for applying "scientific methods" to a problem of grave public' b'heath significance. but in attempting to draw causal conclusions from' b'nonexperimental research, the essence of scientific method is to anticipate' b'plausible alternative explanations for the results and try to rule them' b'out. absent such effort, the results may well seem scientific but are' b'little more than polemics masquerading as serious research. that this' b'study is but one of a number of recent efforts--all employing practical' b'identical research designs and published in leading scientific journals--' b'is cause for further concern.' b'' b'[james d. wright is professor of sociology at tulane university. he has' b'researched extensively on the relationship of firearms and crime.]' b'' b'reason published monthly except combined august-september issue by the reason' b'foundation, a nonprofit, tax-exempt organization. subscription rate: b'per year.' b'' b'reason foundation' b'2716 ocean park blvd.' b'suite b'santa monica, ca 