b'' b':' b': i believe this raid was ill planned because they only had days to plan it,' b': and it was continued when failure was obvious because it had a bit part' b': in the much larger political agenda of president clinton. i would even' b': suggest that the loss of atf agents is inconsequential in this the' b': context of his political agenda. it might even be beneficial to his agenda,' b': as it helps point up just how evil these assualt weapons are. further proof' b': might be that the atf denied their agents (street stories report) requests' b': for sufficient fire power.' b':' b': important dates:' b': feb 25th nj assembly votes to overturn assault weapon ban.' b': feb 28th compound in waco attacked.' b':' b': on feb. 25th the new jersey assembly voted to overturn the assault weapon' b': ban in that state. it looked like it might be a tight vote, but the senate' b': in n.j. was going to vote to overturn the ban. it would not sit well to have' b': an eastern state overturn an assault weapon ban, given clintons stated' b': agenda on gun control. i suspect clinton gave the order to get someone or' b': some: group with assualt weapons and have the press present (they were' b': initially' b': at the incident in waco) to record the event for the tv audience. the agent' b': on "street stories" reported that a supervisor was urging them all to "get' b': ready fast", as "they know we are coming". i believe this attack continued,' b': even tho the probablility of failure was high, because it came from the top' b': down. after the n.j. assembly vote, the atf had a limited amount of time to' b': come up with something, and the wackos in waco fit the bill nicely.' b':' b': ...rich' b'' b'' b"i don't know rich. last year when the congress was debating the bushmans" b"'crime bill', the incident at lubys' cafe occured. most of the anti-gun" b'crap was amended out of the bill anyway.' b'' b'' b"could a president 'order': go find some 'assault weapons' and bring the" b'media". i hope not. frankly, the toon-meister* scares me. of course' b"having a democratic majority in congress doesn't help. (apologies to all" b"demos' who support rkba)" b'' b'( *definition: toon-meister a characatureic name for the current' b'president of the u.s.: clinton aka, clintoon aka toon-meister.)' b'' b'rob p.' b'' b'' b'' b'' 