b'' b'on the other hand, we can draw lessons from neighbors who are more' b'culturally similar, namely the canadians...' b'' b'i don\'t think such a canada is any more "culturally similar" to' b'the united states than england. in terms of laws regarding individual' b'rights, restrictions on police searches, etc... (all closely' b"related to crime) canadian laws parallel england's and differ" b'greatly from those of the united states.' b'' b'...in fact, an exhaustive,' b'seven-year study has already been done of the respective crime rates' b'of vancouver, british columbia and seattle, washington... cities' b'with roughly the same population, urban economy, geography' b'and crime but with decidedly different approaches to gun control.' b'' b'actually, they do not have "roughly the same... urban economy",' b'and extremely different ethnic composition.' b'' b'over the seven-year study, homicides occurred in seattle' b'(11.3 per vs. homicides in vancouver per b'after adjustment for differences in age and sex among the populations,' b'the relative risk of being a victim of homicide in seattle, as' b'compared to vancouver, was found to be b'' b'however, if you account for economic and ethnic differences,' b"the difference disappears completely: seattle's minorities are" b"predominatly poor, while vancouver's are middle or upper class." b'the rates for whites in both cities were found to be identicle,' b'while the rate for poor, seattle minorities was almost three' b'times as great as for the well-to-do minorities of vancouver.' b'the pattern seems to be one of poverty and race relations, not' b'one of gun control.' b'' b'the authors of the report also investigated "legally justifiable"' b'homicides (self-defense). only such homicides occurred during' b'the seven-year study, of which were committed by police. only' b'21 cases of civilians acting in self-defense occurrred...' b'' b'that is a gross distortion: "self-defense" does not mean killing' b'the attacker. there were cases of civilians killing their' b'attacker in self-defence. but such cases represent less that' b'0.5% of the crimes prevented by armed self-defence; for every' b'case you cite, there were over other cases of self-defence' b'where the crime was prevented but the attacker was not killed.' b'(0.5%, by the way, is the most conservative possible figure,' b"based on the national crime survey's estimate of b'crimes prevented by armed self-defence each year. most other' b'studies on the subject put the figure at to b'those figures would imply less than of sucessful self-defences' b'involve killing the attacker.)' b'' b'so, more correctly, there over (possibly as many as b'cases of civilians acting in self-defence, only of which resulted' b'in the death of the attacker. this is a significant factor, in' b'comparison to the homicides. if memory serves, homicides' b'make up approximately of the violent crimes the study' b'considered, so the fair comparison would be homicides' b'prevented and homicides. clearly, the study can not be' b'close to accurate, since it ignored these cases of self-defence.' b'' b'frank crary' b'cu boulder' 