b'' b"i don't know how anyone can state that gun control could have no" b'effect on homicide rates.' b'' b"i don't think anyone is arguing that there would be no effect. but" b'there would be no _net_ _positive_ effect. you also have to' b'consider the negative side: law abiding citizens, armed with' b'fireamrs (pistols for the most part), prevent between b'(national crime survey) and (dr. kleck) crimes' b'each year. (those are the extremes. most studies find' b'the number to be to about of those crimes are' b'homicides, so private ownership of firearms _saves_ approximately' b'5,000 lives each year. there are roughly criminal homicides' b'and fatal accidents involving guns each year. for there to' b'be any net benefit, you would have to show that gun control measures' b'would disarm over of the criminals currently using guns.' b'that would be very hard to do: according the the federal batf,' b'only of criminals buy their guns over the counter. since' b'gun control laws, by their very nature, only effect legal' b'sales, such a law would remove all the benefits of armed,' b'law-abiding citizens while having only a minimal effect on' b'armed criminals (who, by and large, get their guns illegally.)' b"that doesn't sound like a net benefit to me." b'' b'...there were over accidental< handgun' b'homicides in america in most with licensed weapons.' b'' b'since most were with licensed weapons, i assume you are not' b'supporting "reasonable" laws (i.e. waiting periods, background' b'checks, licenses, etc...). since only a complete ban would' b"alter the statistic you refer to, i assume that's what you" b'are supporting.' b'' b'by the way, people dies in from falling down stairs.' b"250 accidental handgun deaths isn't significant next to" b'other household accidents.' b'' b'...more' b'american children accidentally shot other children last year b'than all the handgun homicides in great britain.' b'' b'1080 children under the age of died by drowning, from' b'drinking poisonous household chemicals (like drano), from' b'falls. if the real goal is to reduce the tragic, accidental' b"deaths of children, wouldn't a ban on drain cleaners be a" b'better palce to start? (or, perhaps, restricting ownership to' b'professionals like plumbers?)' b'' b'...please... no dictionary arguments about rates vs' b"total numbers, okay? they're offered for emphasis, not comparison)." b'' b'while you might call it "emphasis", refering to completely two' b'statistics in the same sentence _implies_ a comparison. if it' b"isn't valid, and you put the numbers together to convince people" b'you are right, the kindest thing i could call it is propaganda.' b'' b'frank crary' b'cu boulder' b'' 