b'' b": that's all very well and good, but i was refering to all" b': homocides, not just ones involving handguns (what is this fixation' b': on death by shooting, as if it were somehow worse than death' b': by stabbing?)' b'' b'what relevance are all homicides in this debate?...' b'the issue is guns, not baseball bats.' b'' b"no. the issue is reducing crime, not guns. if gun control doesn't" b"lower crime overall, then is doesn't address the issue." b'' b'...even a simpleton knows that' b'he stands a better chance of surviving an attack with a baseball bat...' b'' b'does that matter if assaults with a baseball bat become much' b'more common? muggers using a gun rely primarily on the' b'threat of the gun, and rarely shoot their victim. a mugger' b'using a knife is much more likely to start by stabbing his victim' b'in an effort incapacitate him. so, while a knif may not' b'be as deadly as a gun, criminals are more likely to actually' b'_use_ the knife (as opposed to threatening the victim with it.)' b"it isn't at all clear that replacing the criminal's gun with a" b'knife would reduce murders. stabbings might just become more' b"common. that's why it is important to look at the overall" b'(not the with-gun) homicide rate. it avoids the issue of' b'substitution, different criminal techinques of using different' b'weapons, etc... and measures what we want to prevent: murders.' b'' b"as for knives, see my earlier post. i'd much rather face a knife" b'than a gun, thanks.' b'' b'"face"? possibly. however, facing knife-welding attackers isn\'t' b'too common: stabbing without warning and by supprise is the' b'usual tactic. very few criminals shoot from cover: it attracts' b"to much attention and they don't have a chance to go through your" b"pockets. overall, i'd much rather be threatened with a gun" b'than actually stabbed with a knife.' b'' b"...fortunately, the best defense against a knife isn't" b"another knife. anyone trained in unarmed self-defense won't have" b'much of a problem disarming a knife assailant untrained in knife' b'assault (which probably means of knife assailants).' b'' b'actually, the exact same statement is true of guns: training in' b'unarmed self-defence will let you disarm an untrained gunman' b'without much problem.' b'' b"you also ignore the criminal's reaction: the national crime" b'survey clearly shows that criminals (unarmed, armed with a' b'knife, gun or whatever) are unwilling to risk their lives' b'in a confrontation. if faced with a serious threat, almost' b'all prefer to leave and find an easier target. therefore,' b'using (or threatening to use, as is much more commonly the case)' b'a weapon _is_ the best defence against an attacker, regardless' b'of how he is armed. knives, however, are much less effective' b'than guns: criminals don\'t consider knifes as a "serious threat"' b'nearly as often as they do guns.' b'' b'frank crary' b'cu boulder' b'' 