b'' b'the libertarian second amendment caucus in fort collins, colorado,' b'submitted this as a questionnaire to the city council candidates' b'in the upcoming election. as expected, very few of the candidates' b"(3 of responded, but they know we're watching." b'' b'feel free to use any and all of these questions that strike your' b'fancy or use them as inspiration for your own.' b'' b'*****' b'' b'1. would you be willing to state, in writing, that if you are' b'publicly demonstrated to have violated your oath of office' b'you would resign and never run for office again?' b'' b'2. under what circumstances do the rights of the group come' b'before the rights of the individual?' b'' b'3. would you support a city charter amendment prohibiting the' b'city government, its officials, agents, and employees from' b'initiating force against any human being for any reason?' b'' b'4. please put the following list in order of precedence (from' b'lowest to highest): a) city ordinance, b) city resolution,' b'c) state law, d) federal statute, e) u.s. constitution,' b'f) state constitution.' b'' b"5. do you believe that it's appropriate for any city official or" b'employee to be paid more than his or her average private' b'sector constituent?' b'' b'6. do you believe that involuntary contributions are a legitimate' b'means of funding council programs?' b'' b'7. would you support a program recognizing the right of' b'taxpayers to "earmark" their taxes (either as "must be used"' b'or "must not be used") for specific programs?' b'' b'8. in the event that the candidate "none of the above" were to' b'win a city election, which option do you believe most' b'appropriate? a) the candidate with the next highest vote total' b'fills the office. b) a special election is held to fill the' b'office, with none of the previous candidates eligible to run' b'again. c) let the office remain unfilled and unfunded until' b'the next election. d) abolish the office.' b'' b'please return your questionnaire to: [address of your choice]' b'' b'a signature and date line were added here.' b'' b'thank you for taking the time to fill out this questionnaire.' b'' b'******' b'' b'the questionnaires were sent with self-addressed, stamped envelopes.' b'' b'p.s. one person _did_ get a perfect score on the questionnaire, and,' b"no, he didn't help write it." b'' b'cathy smith' b'' b'my opinions are, of course, my own.' b'' 