b'' b'' b'i was under the impression that to obtain fissionable materials (i.e.,' b'plutonium or reactor/weapons-grade uranium) one was required to obtain' b'a federal permit to own such materials.' b'' b'no, you merely have to start working on yellowcake or else' b'devise a system to get it from other sources. btw: the doe handles' b'reactor fuel, and merely leases it to reactors. the nrc certifies these' b'reactors. the military have their own sources. a private citizen has' b'none of these official sources.' b'' b'actually, why bother looking it up? from the material we covered last' b'term (in weeks) of ge/ch (nuclear chemistry), i could *derive*' b'what it would take to build a bomb.' b'' b"that's freshman-level chemistry. big deal. can you make it" b"work? that's phd-level physics. big difference." b'' b' and as far as the explosive charge,' b'i (as a chemist) could synthesize a variety of explosives from commonly' b'available chemicals in the garage if i felt like. the electronics' b'behind the detonator and the shaped charges are a little trickier,' b'however but not impossible using a few "tricks of the trade."' b'and if i really wanted to be nasty, i could include a core of' b'hydrogen and deuterium b'' b"so you admit that there's no law that could stop you? physics" b'aside, could you make one if you had the funds and time? the answer' b'is yes. so, do we lock you up now because of this? surely you can' b'see where the comparison with anti-gun laws comes into play here?' b'' b'of course, the hardest part is getting the fissionable material' b'to start with, and living long enough to put a bomb together.' b'(plutonium has some *nasty* properties b'' b"precisely why it's not as readily utilized as you seem to have" b'been lead to believe. btw: u235 is far better for home-made bombs' b'than trying to use plutonium. the laws of physics make the creation of' b'a device without serious manufacturing facilities very low in probability.' b'' b"< isu only censors what i read, not what i say. don't blame them. b'< usenet: post to exotic, distant machines. meet exciting, b'< unusual people. and flame them. 