b'' b'i wrote b'nice strawman indeed. the discussion is not about whether there were' b'tanks' b'used in sixties riots; instead, it is about whether those tanks fired' b'their' b'main guns in one of those riots. you claim they did. that claim is' b'ludicrous.' b'' b'awesley replied:' b'i repeated what i had been told, under what context i had heard it,' b'supporting the claim that tanks were indeed used in detroit in b'' b'the issue has never been whether tanks were used in detroit in it' b'has been whether they fired their main guns. you did not merely claim that' b'tanks were used--you claimed that they fired their main guns to suppress' b'sniper fire and that they were "quite" effective at this. you continue to' b'back away from this claim and defend something else that nobody is' b'disputing.' b'' b'awesley went on:' b'i' b'spent a few minutes in a library today found their computer was' b"down and they don't have a card catalog. anyway, it took about b"minutes to find this in _nightmare in detroit, a rebellion and it's" b'victims_ by sauter and hines, on page telling of the death of' b'tonia blanding, age b'' b'"when the tank was fired upon by snipers it turned in the direction' b'the shots came from. the fifty-caliber machine gun mounted on the' b'tank belched fire into the buildings. after a short round into the front' b'of the buildings, the tank guns spit again, tearing apart huge holes out' b'of the side of the apartment."' b'' b"well, it's not the main gun." b'' b'"well, it\'s not the main gun." gee, that\'s only the entire point. are you' b'now going to admit that you were wrong?' b'' b'i wrote:' b'will i see any pictures of tanks firing their main' b'guns? will i see pictures of buildings damaged by the shells? will i' b'read' b"the reports of the tank fire? i'll bet you dollar to doughnuts i won't." b'it will take more than second-hand accounts from a few old national guard' b'sergeants shooting the shit to convince me that tanks shelled american' b'cities in the sixties.' b'' b'awesley replied:' b"well, if you bothered to read them, it wouldn't take long at all to" b'find reports of tank fire although not necessarily of the main' b'guns.' b'' b"i will never read of tanks firing their main guns in detroit in the b'riots. there is simply no way that such an event could have taken place' b'without it being common knowledge even years later. the american' b'military firing shells from tanks in american cities on blacks would have' b'been *big* news.' b'' b'awesley goes on:' b'you can also read of the troops using grenade launchers.' b'' b'to fire fragmentary grenades? i doubt that as well. to fire concussion' b'grenades? perhaps. to fire tear gas? certainly. but you would be' b"perfectly willing to let us believe they fired frags, wouldn't you, since" b'it makes your other claim seem more plausible.' b'' b'and on:' b"i don't" b"expect to convince you; you'll have to open your mind and eyes and" b'actually' b'do a little research to be convinced one way or the other. let me know' b'what you find.' b'' b'i already know what you found: nothing. if i claimed that the marines used' b'f-4s to launch rockets at buildings in trenton, new jersey would you' b'believe me? would you suspend judgment until you had a chance to research' b'it? or would your bullshit filters kick in?' b'' b'if tanks had fired their main guns in detroit, people would have been' b'screaming about it for the past two and half decades. i would know about' b'it. unless you also claim that the national guard managed to cover it up.' b'if your mind is open enough to believe that, well, good for you. i prefer' b'to live in reality. and here in reality, i find it hard to believe that' b'those tanks even had any shells, much less fired them.' b'' b'--john l. scott' 