b'' b'fox) says:' b'' b'[stuff deleted. all mine]' b'' b'define "armed better". go shoot a revolver and a semi-auto like the' b'colt does one fires faster than the other? nope. aside from which' b'faster rate of fire is usually not desirable. sure it makes the other' b'guys duck for cover, but just *you* trying hitting anything with a thompson' b"in hose-mode. this is why the military is limiting it's m-16 now to" b'' b"aw come on. it worked great in the 1920's (or the movie version of the '20s" b'anyways) b'' b'3-round burst-fire. simple semi-auto would be better, but the troops' b'like to be able to rock and roll even if it is wasteful of ammo (something' b'often in short supply when the enemy is plentiful).' b'' b'a revolver is equally capable as a semi-auto in the same caliber.' b'' b'[stuff deleted about how revolvers are just as good as semi-autos]' b'' b"all your points are very well taken and things that i haven't considered as" b'i am not really familiar enough with handguns.' b'' b'some police departments switched to glocks, and then started quietly' b'switching many officers back to the old revolvers. too many were having' b'accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. not that glocks' b'require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex' b'as the timer on a vcr.' b'' b'hell, a glock is the last thing that should be switched to. the only thing' b'that i know about a glock is the lack of a real safety on it. sure there is' b"that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety." b'' b'anyone who goes anyone saying that the criminals obviously outgun' b"the police don't know nothing about firearms. turn off cops and hunter" b'and pay attention. i do not seek here to say "semi-autos are junk"' b'merely that assuming they are better for all jobs is stupid. a cop' b'with a revolver on his hip and a shotgun in the rack is more than' b'equipped for anything short of a riot.' b'' b"actually i don't watch those shows and you're right (at least partially)." b"i don't know much about handguns. i'm more familiar with rifles." b'' b'gun control is hitting what you aim at. if you whip out a' b"wonder-nine and fire real fast you may find you don't hit anything." b'good controlled fire from a revolver is more likely to get you a hit.' b'i own a 9mm beretta myself but consider it inferior as a carry weapon' b"to something like the ruger security six revolver. if i haven't hit" b"what i'm aiming at in the first shots, something is quite seriously" b'wrong somewheres. while i might like having the backup capacity of those' b'extra shots in certain cases, overwhelmingly the of shots fired in' b'criminal encounters is less than b'' b'what do crooks overwhelmingly use in crime? why the same nice simple' b'.38 revolvers that the police often use. well actually some police' b'prefer the much heftier magnum, but anyway.....' b'' b"obplea: don't flame me, i prefer semi-autos for most things. but they" b' introduce unneccessary complications to something as nerve-wracking' b' as an abrupt encounter with a lone criminal.' b'' b'--' b'"if everything had gone as planned, everything would have been perfect."' b' -batf spokesperson on cnn regarding failed raid attempt in tx.' b'' b'no flames here. all your points are well taken. guess i still have a' b'lot to learn but thanks to this discussion i already am guess i' b'assume too many things like more bullets are better and that sort of' b'thing. of course you know what happens when you assume b'' b'jason' 