b'' b'' b'\tobservations from a naive norwegian:' b'' b'yup, you said it. i admire such honesty. b'' b'\t1) guns are made to kill people, not to shoot target or to' b'\thave something more macho than stamps to collect.....' b'' b"fire an anschutz then come back and talk to us. you're letting" b'ignorance and possibly fear cloud your thinking. either that, or this' b'is sour grapes because we beat you in the olympic shooting events.' b"funny, you'd think biathalon would be a natural sport for the norse. b'' b'\t2) it is more easy to kill/injure someone with a gun than' b'\twith a knife or a bat (as in baseball).' b'' b'precisely. that makes them the best method of defense for the citizenry.' b'not everybody has the time to train with a gladius, you know, but for' b'some reason those who prey on others seem to have more free time. to' b'extend this a bit further, you need only a certain level of competence' b'to beat another with a range weapon. getting in their face with a' b'weapon and winning is much more difficult, and requires more training' b"time the average citizen just does not have. i've spent a few years" b'practicing with a sword. i can take the common person armed with one' b"(though self-defense isn't the reason i own one). my kid sister would" b'have an even chance of beating me, gun vs. gun, with only a month of' b'training. that makes firearms much better, in our eyes.' b'' b"\t3) it's not very wise to compare two completely different" b"\tcountries like usa and, let's say, island on issues like" b'\tcrime and violence.' b'' b"excellent point. perhaps you aren't so naive after all?" b'' b'\t4) yes, the problem is people committing crimes, not the tools' b'\tbeeing used, but should be taken into concideration.' b'' b"taken into consideration in what respect? though quite wrong, let's" b'make it a blanket statement for weapons in general. this has been' b'taken into consideration. we call use of them aggrivated assault,' b'assault with a deadly weapon, assault with intent to kill, attempted' b'murder, and a whole host of others, and tack on extra prison time.' b'' b'\twe have a very strict gun-legislation in norway, but until recently' b'\tit was possible for enyone over years to buy a shotgun.' b'\tshotguns are used mainly for hunting in norway(...), but because it' b'\twas so easy to accuire one, it was the most used gun in crimes.' b'' b'in norway i suspect it was about the only weapon available. you conquered' b'your land (among others) a full millenia before we were thought of, and' b"shortly thereafter weapons weren't quite so common. i suspect that a few" b'world wars made a difference too, since in times of emergency weapons' b"tend to be turned in or donated to needy causes. i'm curious, though," b'were the weapons used in the crimes bought shortly before the crime, or' b'were they aquired by other means? any requirements other than just' b'registering the shotgun?' b'' b'\tand -unbelievable- the use of guns in crime fell.....' b'\tthere are now a new law against wearing long knives in public,' b'\tand why should it be allowed b'' b'"come on down to honest erik\'s used swords! here\'s a slightly-used' b'short sword, *the* battlefield supremacy weapon of the eleventh' b'century! only with trade-in. easy financing!" sorry, i' b"couldn't resist. you guys still slicing each other with long knives," b'or is this really not a problem?' b'' b'\twhat i, as an scandinavian, have problems to understand is that' b'\tyou (americans) have a more liberal view on guns and violence' b'\tthan on nudity and sex.' b'\ttry showing a bare breast on tv insted of violence and murder...' b'' b"i'm all for that. what gets me is that scandanavians (and yes, i'm only" b'a couple generations off the longship) used to be some of the most' b'feared warriors on the planet a mere millenia ago, yet now seem to' b'spend their time sitting in spas and doing a bit of topless sunbathing.' b'maybe you had a bit more time, and a more homogeneous culture, to become' b'civilized with?' b'' b'\tyes, i know a little american history, but is it a civil/human' b'\tright to have an assault gun in your home and/or an handgun' b'\tin your car??' b'' b"yes. we're too damned violent, partially i believe because we are not" b'a homogeneous culture and don\'t identify ourselves as "americans" first' b"and foremost. i'm rather proud of my norwegian and danish heritage," b"whereas i suspect you couldn't care less about that welsh blood in" b'your veins thanks to a raid in ireland back in the time scale' b'and the homogeneous culture are important. equally important is a' b'basic philosophical difference in personal versus collective good.' b'in america, the individual is more important than the masses. personal' b'liberties are prized above all. this is, sadly, changing of late, but' b'i trust you notice how this call for freedom makes laws that restrict' b"individuals for little collective benefit hateful to americans. i'd" b'hazard a guess that, were america less interested in freedom and' b'personal liberty and more interested in collective good we never would' b'have sent our armed forces anywhere. one poor effect of this culture' b"we have is that we're looking out for ourselves and it is quite easy" b'to identify with only a small segment of the population. my grandmother' b'tells of being discriminated against back in denmark because she spoke' b'"low dane," whereas others spoke "high dane." it was shortly after' b'world war ii, as i remember, that "low dane" was abolished so there was' b'one common dialect. we cannot fathom such a minor thing being a problem,' b'because we have even more obvious means of identifying an "outsider."' b'' b"\t\t\tthe bad english is not my fault, it's probably" b'\t\t\tthe keyboard-software or the quality of the' b'\t\t\tsubtext on tv......' b'' b'take heart, yours is better than of what gets posted by native speakers.' b'any helpful hints for our educational system? people have this annoying' b'tendency to drop out of school and sell drugs over here.' b'' b'[ and what kind of name is thomas parsli? here, you can use my great' b"grandfather's before he changed it: christian aarskog. that's a" b"great one for getting mispronounced. i think that's why he changed it." b"i don't think he needs it anymore b'' b"< isu only censors what i read, not what i say. don't blame them. b'< usenet: post to exotic, distant machines. meet exciting, b'< unusual people. and flame them. b'' b'' 