b'' b'' b' the second amendment is about sovereignty, not sporting goods.' b'' b"\tperfectly correct, but it won't make any difference." b'' b'hmm. i beg to differ. it will probably make a big difference at some' b'point.' b'' b'' b' self defense is a valid reason for rkba.' b'' b'\tthe vast majority get through life without ever having to' b'\town, use or display a firearm. besides, there are other' b'\tmeans of self-protection which can be just as effective' b'\tas firearms.' b'' b'thankfully, it is true that the majority go through life without' b'having to use a firearm. howver, there are situations where firearms' b'are the most effective means of self protection. what other means do' b'you propose as equally effective?' b'' b'' b'' b' freedoms and rights are not dependent on public opinion, necessity, or' b' scientific scrutiny.' b'' b'\tnew to this planet everything is dependent on either public' b'\tor political opinion, usually political. to imagine that' b"\tinalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold" b'\tcosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.' b'' b'new to this country? new to political theory?' b'alas, i was speaking of principle. without principle, all attempts at' b"republican forms of gov't are futile. there are times when public and" b'political opinion are contrary to principle, which is why we have a' b"constitution which enumerates gov't powers and presumes certain" b'rights. a major reason for this was to prevent a tyranny of the' b'majority.' b'' b'' b' no arguments against rkba can withstand scientific scrutiny.' b'' b"\tthey don't have to. like so many other things, the issue" b'\tis one of -perception- rather than boring statistics.' b'\tevery time some young innocent is gunned-down in a drive' b'\tby, every time some kid is murdered for a jacket, every' b'\ttime a store clerk is executed for three dollars in change,' b'\tevery time some moron kills his wife because she took the' b"\tlast beer from the fridge, every time someone hears a 'bang'" b'\tin the night the rkba dies. the stats are not all *that*' b'\tclearly behind firearms the protection factor does not' b'\tstrongly outweigh the mindless mayhem factor. given society' b'\tas we now experience it it seems safer to get rid of' b'\tas many guns as possible. that may be an error, but enough' b'\tactive voters believe in that course.' b'' b'this is exactly why law should be based on reasoned thought, not' b"immediate perception. of course, it doesn't always work that way." b'fortunately, while there are no guarantees, logic sometimes does' b'prevail. and, if not, there are still means for correction.' b'as far as "enough active voters" are concerned, that is still' b'an open question until the vote is made.' b'' b'' b" how do you intend to 'silence' rkba supporters?" b'' b'\ttalk all you want. talk about the "good old days" when' b'\tyou used to own firearms. after a while, such talk will' b'\ttake on the character of war stories and no one will' b'\tbe very interested anymore.' b'' b'you portray a possible scenario for the future. but, how will you' b'silence rkba supporters right now? as long as public debate is' b'allowed, such debate will continue. if we allow public debate to be' b"restricted or denied, then we will get a gov't we deserve." b'' b'al' b'[standard disclaimer]' b'' 