b'' b'' b' self defense is a valid reason for rkba.' b'' b'\tthe vast majority get through life without ever having to' b'\town, use or display a firearm.' b'' b' you might have missed the u.s. news world report excerpt' b' i posted. it is fairly consistant with other such polls, finding' b' that approximately of households have at least one firearm.' b' how this translates into individual ownership is questionable, but i' b' think it\'s fairly safe to say that you\'re wrong about the "vast majority."' b'' b'ok a near-majority actually own firearms, but i will still' b'claim that the vast majority never needs to use them or even' b'threaten anyone with them. what do they do right or are' b"they just lucky in either case, this means the 'average" b"threat level' in this country is rather low." b'' b' besides, there are other' b'\tmeans of self-protection which can be just as effective' b'\tas firearms.' b'' b' please name them. the key phrase is "can be." theories are' b' nice, but practicality is more important. a taser (to chose an' b' exmpale outlawed virtually everywhere) "can" be as effective as a gun,' b' under optimal conditions when dealing with your absolute average' b' b'' b'i think you have weapons on the brain. i never said that these' b'alternative means of self-protection involved any hardware.' b"why are 'good' neighborhoods 'good' it isn't because every" b'person is armed to the teeth. it is because of attitude' b"and cooperation. in the 'good' neighborhoods, the residents" b'make themselves aware of their neighbors and notice when' b"strangers are lurking around. 'good' neighborhoods form groups" b"like 'crime-watch' to increase this effect, and the relative" b'effectiveness of the police. when hostiles are arrested, the' b'good neighbors step up and say "that\'s the one officer he' b'was robbing mr. jones\' house".' b'' b'in short, the alternative to firepower is gangs or at' b'least a benificent manifestation of that social cooperative.' b'replace lead with flesh the flesh makes a better' b'conversationalist too and you can invite it over for a' b'block party.' b'' b' freedoms and rights are not dependent on public opinion, necessity, or' b' scientific scrutiny.' b'' b'\tnew to this planet everything is dependent on either public' b'\tor political opinion, usually political. to imagine that' b"\tinalienable 'rights' are somehow wired into the vast cold" b'\tcosmos is purest egotism and a dangerous delusion.' b'' b' in a very real sense *everything* the government does is based' b' on public approval, if for no other reason than at any particular time' b' there aren\'t "public servants" commonly adorning trees.' b'' b" but legality and legitimacy also matter. if a government's charter" b' makes a rule, which the government then violates, it is violated the' b' basis for its existance. enforcement of its will becomes a matter' b' solely of force of arms.' b'' b'oliver north. the man is positively worshiped in many' b"all-american 'conservative' quarters. he and big ron" b'set-up a secret government and did all sorts of severely' b'illegal deeds the kind of stuff you and i would be doing' b'twenty-to-life for, yet he walks free. this bs happens all' b'the time. in fact, it happens so much that no one really' b"cares anymore. 'legitimacy' is a non-issue. legality is" b'a non-issue. so long as we get t-bones and our mtv, who' b'gives a rats ass b'' b' no arguments against rkba can withstand scientific scrutiny.' b'' b"\tthey don't have to. like so many other things, the issue" b'\tis one of -perception- rather than boring statistics.' b'' b' excuse me, sir, but *you* were the one suggesting that arguments' b' for rkba would not stand up to scientific scrutiny.' b'' b'no. i claimed that no one is interested in the statistical' b'aspects of the argument. pure emotion, like the abortion issue.' b'' b'\tevery time some young innocent is gunned-down in a drive' b'\tby, every time some kid is murdered for a jacket, every' b'\ttime a store clerk is executed for three dollars in change,' b'\tevery time some moron kills his wife because she took the' b"\tlast beer from the fridge, every time someone hears a 'bang'" b'\tin the night the rkba dies.' b'' b' emotion is hard to argue against. but it must be done anyway if' b' emotion is wrong.' b'' b"argue away you can't win." b'' b' the stats are not all *that*' b'\tclearly behind firearms b'' b" and just yesterday you claimed they weren't behind them at" b' all.' b'' b' the protection factor does not' b'\tstrongly outweigh the mindless mayhem factor.' b'' b' operating under the assumption that the same conditions absolutely' b' govern both of them. that the expansion of one automatically necessitates' b' the contraction of the other.' b'' b'firearms-related mindless mayhem will be related to the' b'availibility of firearms. if they become scarce and' b'and expensive, a different psychology will take hold.' b'i *think* they would be used far less to settle trivial' b'complaints.' 