b'' b'' b'promising field experiments are being done this year in several areas of' b'the country relating to chemical contraceptive baits for deer. preliminary' b'data suggests that this will be a cost-effective and humane method for' b'preventing over-population of habitats.' b'' b'preliminary data regarding similar research into kangaroo overpopulation' b'in australia do not in any way support the cost-effectiveness of this' b'approach. it _may_ be cost-effective for deer--if you quietly overlook' b'the fact that the net cost to the state of deer hunting is _negative_' b'(i.e. a profit) because the (majority of) hunters pay for licences.' b'the cost comparisons are probably being done assuming that people have' b'to be employed to cull the animals, which is not in fact the case.' b'you figure people are going to pay for licences to implant contraceptive' b'pellets or spread baits?' b'' b'there has been a fair bit of discussion about this here recently,' b'because the kangaroo population in the grounds of the governor-' b"general's residence has now reached plague proportions. despite the" b'whines of the rampant animal-libbers, the most effective method of' b'controlling the population is still considered to be controlled' b'shooting.' b'' b'so, now why should we allow hunting to prevent over-population of' b"the deer/bear/<whatever sorry, but that 'justification' of blood-" b'lust is now gone with the wind. once mass-production of this stuff' b'begins, animal populations can be easily managed without a shot being' b'fired. this leaves only the fact that some people *like* to go out' b'in the woods and *kill* things.' b'' b'some people take satisfaction (imho, legitimate satisfaction) in eating' b'food that they have harvested themselves. the pleasure derived from' b'hunting is the same as that you get from eating fruit and vegetables' b'grown in your own garden (and, in general, game meat is probably much' b'freer of unpleasant chemicals than what you buy from the butcher or' b'the supermarket).' b'' b' that may be a motivation, but it' b'cannot now be justified. expect peta and like organizations to use' b'this argument to get hunting banned period.' b'' b'by "cannot now be justified" i guess you mean that you personally' b"don't see any justification. fine--but what makes your opinion" b'so important?' b'' b'with no legitimate hunting, with the papers filled with stories of' b"senseless murders i guess there won't be a chance in hell of" b'building a case for the rkba that will withstand either public' b"opinion, necessity or scientific scrutiny. don't give me that" b'"silent majority wants guns" crap they are and will be \'silent\'.' b'no votes for rkba, no rkba.' b'' b"certainly the last point is correct. if politicians don't see any" b'votes for themselves in opposing stupid legislation or in developing' b'and supporting measures which might be effective in reducing the' b"incidence of violent crime they won't do these things." b'' b'computer centre, australian defence force academy' b'' 