b'' b'i]since there was no sniper fire, doing nothing was equally effective,' b'as was yelling "stop that". of course, if one wants to credit the' b'tanks with stopping non-existent sniper fire, we might was well credit' b'it with stopping an invasion by martians.' b'' b'see "firearms, violence and civil disorders" (from sri) and "sniping' b'incidents a new pattern of violence" (from brandeis university\'s' b'lemberg center for the study of violence).' b'' b'there was precisely one' b'verified sniper in the riots, a drunk firing a pistol out a window.' b'' b'actually, there was only one confirmed sniper to die< in detroit,' b"according to sauter hines, _nightmare in detroit, a rebellion it's" b'' b'what sources did sauter and hines use? in congressional hearings' b'later, the newspaper folk admitted that their reports were completely' b'wrong. (some of their excuses are understandable, while others amount' b'to gross negligence. then there\'s their "we lied".) as far as i' b'know, they never did the followup.' b'' b'so? people other than snipers can shoot firemen. if they are,' b'shooting at "snipers" can\'t help. blowing big holes in buildings that' b'don\'t contain "sniper nests" or worrying about travelling "sniper' b'squads" is a complete waste of time.' b'' b'interesting. just curious, they do you believe that tanks did blow' b'big holes in buildings in detroit b'' b"i don't have any relevant knowledge about the counter-sniper tactics" b"or what the govt did with the big war toys. that's why i've only" b"commented on what they couldn't have accomplished, no matter what" b'they did.' b'' b'nope the "sniper" fire was coming from other police/guard positions.' b'' b"the guard certainly needed to learn. but i don't agree with the" b'idea that there were no snipers at all. from p. of sauter hines:' b'' b' "despite the force of the national guard in alliance with the' b'army troops, the snipers did not stop. the snipers boldly lay siege to the' b'fifth precent police station and took pot shots at the seventh. firemen' b'were under constant harassment from snipers fired from half-closed' b'darkened windows in high apartment buildings and from roof-tops."' b'' b"not in detroit, not during the 60s. that's newspaper copy and they" b'admitted later that they were wrong.' b'' b'-andy' b'--' 