b'' b'' b'|\tfirearms tend to fall into this low dollar/pound area.' b'|\tit would not be economic to smuggle them in. all production' b'|\twould have to be local. there are not all that many people' b'|\twho have both the skill and motivation to assemble worthwhile' b'|\tfirearms from scratch. high-ranking crime figures could' b'|\tobtain imported uzis and such, but the average person, and' b'|\taverage thug, would be lucky to get a zip-gun and would' b'|\tpay through the nose for it.' b'' b'this is not borne out of reality; the old soviet union had a very' b'serious domestic handgun and submachinegun trade, guns that were' b'of commercial grade because they were produced in honest-to-goodness' b"machineshops. why would all production have to be local; don't we" b'have a road system that is the envy of the world?' b'' b'i seem to recall incidents in the past where chinese entreprenaurs' b'attempted to smuggle ak-47s (semi-autos) into this country to' b'get around import number limitations (may have been gunweek where' b'i read that years ago...)' b'' b'any person with high-school drafting skills and vocational school' b'machineshop training could produce a submachinegun. you talk about' b'the average person not being able get even a zip-gun; well now, think' b'of all that private cnc controlled machinery that is not being used for' b'3 shifts a day; do you think that if guns were being sold on the' b'black market for say, an enterprising mechanical engineer' b'could be using that machinery to produce workable submachineguns' b'for sale? after all, gunweek had an article and pictures on how batf' b'was looking for the manufacturer of quite efficient silencers that' b'were of commercial quality and finish.' b'' b'look at it this way, of the u.s. households have a handgun. say' b'at least half of those keep one for self-defense. you are talking a' b'potential market of of tens of millions of people who would seek' b'firearms for the purpose of self-preservation. only a fool would' b'believe that market would not be filled, regardless of government' b'prohibitions.' 