b'' b'' b"this isn't rec.guns, so maybe this is getting a bet technical, but i" b"can't resist...." b'' b' a revolver also has the advantage that if it misfires you just pull' b' the trigger again.' b'' b'sometimes..... depends on why it misfired....' b'' b' a double-action revolver (almost all of them) can be hand-cocked first,' b' but will fire merely by pulling the trigger.' b'' b"i can't imagine doing much combat type shooting single action....." b'' b' a misfire in a revolver merely means you must pull the trigger again' b' to rotate to the next round.' b'' b'assuming the cylinder will rotate....' b'' b' a revolver can be carried with the 6th chamber empty and under the' b' hammer for maximum safety, but still can be drawn and fired with an' b' easy motion, even one handed.' b'' b"never hurts to err on the side of safety, but if you've got one of those" b"'new fangled' hammer blocks or transfer bar safeties, it's unnecessarily" b"redundant. i'd rather have the extra round." b'' b' speedloaders for a revolver allow reloads almost as fast as magazines' b' on semi-autos. can be faster depending on users.' b'' b'quite true. speed loaders are a little less convenient to pack around' b'than magazines though.' b'' b' a misfire in a semi-auto will require you to clear a jammed shell' b' first, time spent which can be fatal. and a vital second or so is often' b' lost as you realize "hey, it\'s jammed!" before starting to do anything' b' about clearing it.' b'' b'true, but this is a training function.' b'' b' most semi-autos must have the slide worked to chamber the first round' b' and cock the hammer. some police carry their semi-autos with the' b' chamber loaded and hammer cocked, but a safety engaged. i do not consider' b' this safe however. you must trade-off safety to get the same speed' b' of employment as a revolver.' b'' b'cocked and locked for single actions or hammer down on double actions' b"are the only carry modes that make sense... the series colt's for" b'example are quite safe to carry this way.' b'' b' there are some double-action semi-autos out there, but the complexity of' b' operation of many of them requires more training.' b'' b'agreed.' b'' b"now that i've shot off my mouth a bit, let me back some of this up. it" b"is true that a simple misfire on a revolver doesn't cost you much. on" b"the other hand, i've had all sorts of interesting things happen over the" b"years. for example, i've had factory ammunition that has had high" b'primers. a high primer will tie your revolver up somewhere from seconds' b'to minutes while you try to pound the action open to clear the problem.' b'an auto? jack the slide and continue.' b'' b"i've had bullets come out of the case, keeping the cylinder from" b'turning, see clearing paragraph above. about the worst that can happen' b'with a semi auto is a double feed. this can be cleared in seconds.' b'' b"most revolvers are more 'fragile' then semi auto's. there are all sorts" b'of close tolerance parts and fitting involved. dropping the gun, or a' b'blow to the gun or all sorts of things can take it out of action. many' b'of the problems that can be cured on the spot with a (quality) semi auto' b'take a gun smith for a revolver. in short a revolver may be less likely' b"to malfunction, but as a rule when it does, you're out of the fight." b'the majority of malfunctions that occur with semi autos does not fall' b'into that category.' b'' b'vincint makes many good points in this post, but leaves off the opposing' b'view of most of them. a real good starting place is ayoob\'s "the semi' b'auto pistol for police and self defense."' b'' b"in general, i'd agree, the revolver is an excellent first gun and self" b'defense weapon for somebody that does not have the time, and inclination' b'that is necessary for the training and practice needed to use a semi' b'auto effectively as a self defense arm.' b'' b'most cops are notoriously indifferent to firearms. if the department' b"isn't going to train them, they aren't going to take the time on their" b'own. there is no doubt that training is an issue. the amount of' b'training required for effective use of a semi auto is probably several' b"times that of a revolver. many cops don't bother." b'' b"for myself, i'd hate to be limited to one or the other. i'd rather pick" b"what fits better with my personal inclination, what i'm wearing that day" b'and so on. like the moderator on rec.guns says, buy em all!' b'' b'that said, i have to admit that often my advice to people thinking of' b'buying their first defense arm is (right after taking a class) get a' b'ruger or smith revolver.... (sorry colt fans. colt revolvers are ok' b'too!)' b'' b"if this post had gone the other way, i'd be arguing for revolvers. b'' b'rick.' 