b'' b"what all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to" b"realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. you don't make me angry, you" b'just make me chuckle b'' b'steve,' b"it's nice that you find me laughable but i don't quite" b'understand. is it because you think my firearms clash with' b"what i'm wearing, or that my nra sticker isn't on straight?" b'please state your judgement!' b"i find it sad that people won't accept the responsibility" b'to defend themselves. and i laugh with the same contempt you' b'have for me at the sheep who expect the government to protect' b'them.' b'' b"what he didn't realize was that we took a photo of the back of his truck, and" b"showed it to our friends when we got back to vancouver, canada (where i'm from" b'originally). people were guffawing at the basic stupidity of such a' b'sticker, and the even greater stupidity of the person who put it there in the' b'first place! b'' b'you and your friends sound like a bunch of smug intellectuals.' b'' b'now that i live in britain, i can see how the rest of the civilized world' b'perceives you gun-nut morons.' b'' b"oh, i guess you are. i'm still waiting for you all-knowing" b'academic-likes to solve the worlds problems. let us know when' b'you have the answers or punch lines as this case may be.' b'' b'the only problem is that canada, i hear, is suffering from your national' b'eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the' b'border.' b'' b'so it\'s not a "yankee" thing?' b'are canadians actually as uncivilized as we americans?' b'' b"hell, here in britain, the cops don't even carry guns." b'' b"well if it's anything like here it wouldn't matter if they" b"did; they wouldn't be able to use them." b'' b"hell, as i recall, in people's court, even rusty carried a gun! never" b'know, some plaintiff might go nuts. b'' b"you shouldn't waste your time watching tv, steve. it will corrupt" b'your mind.' b'' b'' b'anyway, all you gun nut rush limbaugh fans, please *keep* up your diatribes' b'against brady and other evil "liberal media" plots you \'re so damn funny!' b'you provide endless amounts of entertainment in your arguments and examples of' b'why someone should be allowed to carry a piece! keep us all chuckling!' b'' b'ditto to you, self righteous one.' b"lay your derogatory tirade on thick, steve. y'all can keep laughing and" b"i'll keep feeling safe and secure." b'' b'' b'steve' b'' b'' b'johanes' 