b'' b'note: these trial updates are summarized from reports in the' b'_idaho statesman_ and the local nbc affiliate television' b'station, ktvb channel b'' b'randy weaver/kevin harris trial update: day b'' b'friday, april was the fourth day of the trial.' b'' b'synopsis: defense attorney gerry spence cross-examined agent' b'cooper under repeated objections from prosecutor ronald' b'howen. spence moved for a mistrial but was denied.' b'' b'the day was marked by a caustic cross-examination of deputy' b'marshal larry cooper by defense attorney gerry spence. although' b'spence has not explicitly stated so, one angle of his stategy' b'must involve destroying the credibility of agent cooper. cooper is' b"the government's only eyewitness to the death of agent degan." b"spence attacked cooper's credibility by pointing out discrepancies" b"between cooper's statements last september and those made in court." b'cooper conceded that, "you have all these things compressed into' b'a few seconds...it\'s difficult to remember what went on first."' b'' b'cooper acknowledged that he carried a "9mm colt commando submachine' b'gun with a silenced barrel." [i thought a colt commando was a revolver!]' b'cooper continued by stating that the federal agents had no specific' b"plans to use the weapon when they started to kill weaver's dog." b'' b"when spence asked how seven cartridges could be fired by degan's" b'm-16 rifle when degan was apparently dead, cooper could not say for' b'sure that degan did not return fire before going down.' b'' b'spence continued by asking with how many agents (and to what extent)' b'had cooper discussed last august\'s events, cooper responded, "if' b"you're implying that we got our story together, you're wrong," b'counselor." spence continued to advance the defense\'s version of' b'the events: namely, that a marshal had started the shooting by' b"killing the weaver's dog. cooper disagreed." b'' b"assistant u.s. attorney ronald howen repeatedly objected to spence's" b'virulent cross-examination of agent cooper, arguing that the questions' b'were repetitive and spence was wasting time. howen also complained' b'that spence was improperly using a cross-examination to advance the' b"defense's version of the events. u.s. district judge edward lodge" b'sustained many of the objections; however, both lawyers persisted' b'until judge lodge had the jury leave the room and proceded to' b'admonish both attorneys. "i\'m not going to play games with either' b'counsel. this has been a personality problem from day so start' b'acting like professionals."' b'' b'spence told the judge that, "when all the evidence is in, we\'ll see' b'that his [agent larry cooper] testimony is not credible, that' b'he was panicked and cannot remember the sequence of events."' b'spence continued, "we\'re going to find...that there is a very unlikely' b'similarity almost as if it had come out of a cookie cutter between' b'the testimony of mr. cooper and the other witnesses."' b'' b"spence then moved for a mistrial on the grounds that howen's repeated" b'objections would prevent a fair trial, "we can\'t have a fair trial if the' b"jury believes i'm some sort of charlatan, if the jury believes i'm" b"bending the rules or engaging in some delaying tactic or that i'm" b'violating court orders."' b'' b"judge lodge called the notion that his repeated sustainings of howen's" b'objections had somehow prejudiced the jury was "preposterous" and' b'denied the motion for a mistrial. lodge did tell howen to restrict' b'his comments when objecting.' b'' b'the trial resumed with the prosecution calling fbi special agent greg' b"rampton. the prosecution's purpose was simply to introduce five" b'weapons found in the cabin as evidence: however, the defense seized' b"on the opportunity to further address cooper's credibility." b'' b"defense attorney ellison matthews (harris' other attorney) questioned" b'rampton about the dog. rampton stated that there were no specific' b"plans to kill the weaver's dog without being detected. matthews then" b'had rampton read a septtember transcript in which rampton' b'had said that cooper had said that the purpose of the silenced weapon' b'was to kill the dog without being detected, if the dog chased them.' b'rampton then acknowledged that he believed that cooper had said that,' b'but he could not remember when. he then stated that, "i did not conduct' b'the primary interview with deputy cooper, but i have had conversations' b'with him since the interview was conducted."' b'' b'monday, april will begin the fifth day of the trial. scheduled' b'is the continued cross-examination of fbi agent greg rampton.' b'' b'' 