b'' b'' b'here is a copy of my first update on the randy weaver trial.' b"after a large response (about email messages), i've decided" b'that there is sufficient interest here on t.p.g. to warrant' b'posting.' b'' b'*** file follows b'' b'hi folks;' b'' b'as perhaps the only boise resident on the list, i guess it' b'kind of falls on me to keep people updated about the' b'randy weaver/kevin harris trial.' b'' b'yesterday marked the seating of the jury. apparently no other' b'legal activities occurred. the jury was selected and things' b'start today.' b'' b'more interesting is what happenned outside. about a dozen' b'weaver supporters showed up to stage a protest outside the' b'courthouse. one woman carried a sign that read, "who stands' b"trial for the murder of vicki and (son's name i forget)" b'weaver?" on the evening news she said, "i am here protesting' b'because i believe in freedom of speech and freedom of religion.' b'i thought we all did." nice sound bite (grin)!' b'' b'the news reporter also interviewed some guy named "tim"' b'who refused to give his last name. not to prejudge the' b'guy, but he looked like a neo-nazi. he also said he' b'expected many neo-nazis to show up throughout the trial.' b'"tim" had been handing out leaflets in support of weaver' b'and harris and the news had footage of a boise cop' b"telling him to move along or he'd arrest. i don't know" b"the finer points of this one. perhaps there's a law" b'against political activity within x feet of a courthouse' b'or something (what happenned to the first amendment?!?).' b'' b'most ominous of all was that the local reporter filmed' b'an agent of the gestapo...err...atf with a minicam' b'filming the protestors! welcome to the world of big brother.' b'' b'anyhow, gerry spence came out and asked the protestors to' b"leave because he didn't think it would help weaver's case" b'any. he said he was confident that, once the evidence' b'came out, that weaver would be aquitted.' b'' b'more stuff as it comes available.' b'' b'drew' 