b'' b'you are loosing.' b'' b'what\'s "loosing?"' b'' b'of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. no matter' b'how hard you try, public opinion is set against the rkba.' b'' b"i vote. i don't consider rkba an abomination." b'' b'this is the end. by the finish of the clinton administration, your' b'rkba will be null and void. tough titty.' b'' b"i'm sure sarah brady would be delighted to hear your ranting and" b'raving. however, clinton has not publically stated that he would' b'like to repeal the second amendment. "tough titty" to you.' b'' b'you had better discover ways to make do without firearms. the number of' b'cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. there is nothing you' b'can do about it. those who live by the sword shall die by it.' b'' b'are we going to "make do without" like the people in new york city?' b'you know new york city: that gun ban utopia you dream about, with' b'the millions of unregistered handguns? new york city, by the way,' b'has a very high crime rate.' b'' b"perhaps you should know about a gungrabber's nightmare idaho." b'here in idaho, the police give concealed carry permits to anyone' b'over without a criminal record. there are no gungrabber schemes' b'such as foids, waiting periods, "gun a month," or ltcs. and horror' b"of horrors! you don't even need a permit to carry a concealed" b'weapon while outside of city limits (although you do need a permit' b'for concealed carry in an automobile).' b'' b'i feel a hell of a lot safer in boise than i would in your gun ban' b'dream state (e.g., washington, d.c.).' b'' b'the press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against' b'you, the flow of history is against you this is it b'' b'the voting public in idaho is staunchly pro-gun. both senators' b'are nra-endorsed "a" rated! buy a clue, pal.' b'' b'surrender your arms. soon enough, officers will be around to collect' b'them. resistance is useless. they will overwhelm you one at a time.' b'your neighbors will not help you. they will consider you more if an' b"immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'." b'' b'get out your wallet and buy another clue. there are millions upon' b"millions of pre-1968 (i.e., non-4473'ed) firearms out there." b'they have a half-life approaching eternity. and cosmoline is not' b'exactly tracked by the feds.' b'' b'too fucking bad. you have gone the way of the kkk. violent solutions' b"are passe'. avoid situations which encourage criminals. then you will" b'be as safe as possible. such as it is b'' b'gun control laws were passed to protect the kkk from blacks!' b'' b'drew' b'--' b'*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho b'*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights b'*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,' b'semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium' 