b'' b"what all you turkey pro-pistol and automatic weapons fanatics don't seem to" b"realize is that the rest of us *laugh* at you. you don't make me angry, you" b'just make me chuckle i remeber being in bellingham, washington and seeing a' b'' b'[warning: flammage to follow...]' b'' b'ah, that british sense of humor. probably got a real gut-buster going' b'when the ira blew that kid up a couple of weeks ago, huh? of course,' b'in britain, your government has ordered you defenseless, so your way' b'of coping with violent criminals is to laugh at victims.' b'' b'pick-up truck in front of the car that my friend and i were in. it had a bumper' b'sticker proclaiming "gun control is a firm grip on a now i\'m sure that' b'that wanker thought he was pretty cool.' b'' b"i don't know about a my own preference is for 9mm." b'' b"what he didn't realize was that we took a photo of the back of his truck, and" b"showed it to our friends when we got back to vancouver, canada (where i'm from" b'originally). people were guffawing at the basic stupidity of such a' b'sticker, and the even greater stupidity of the person who put it there in the' b'first place! b'' b"ah, canada. where the criminals don't bother with checking to see" b"if the victims are home. they just break on in. america's a little" b'different, you see. criminals worry a bit more about getting shot,' b"so they more frequently check to see if anyone's home." b'' b'i knew somebody else who went to one of your "gun-mart" superstore places, just' b'so he could experience the sight of people putting guns and ammo into shopping' b"carts! i didn't believe it myself until i drove by one in vegas last year!!!" b'' b"i've heard gun world in phoenix, arizona, is fantastic! i'm hoping" b'to visit there myself soon.' b'' b'now that i live in britain, i can see how the rest of the civilized world' b'perceives you gun-nut morons. the bbc recently referred to the american' b'penchant for pistols, automatic weapons,etc. very appropriately it was' b'called a "national eccentricity."' b'' b"ah, britain again. isn't that the place where you're guilty until" b'come begging to us "gun nut morons" in the early 1940s for guns to' b'defend yourselves against hitler? seems as though your supposedly' b'enlightened government had disarmed you: "aw chaps, you can jolly' b'give up your guns. if that hitler man starts to threaten, we can' b"always hit up the yanks for a few guns. they've got a bloody" b'eccentric habit about those guns, you know. just hand in your' b'shotgun, that\'s it. thank you."' b'' b'the only problem is that canada, i hear, is suffering from your national' b'eccentricity, in that easy to purchase weapons are being smuggled cross the' b'border.' b'' b"ain't it just amazing how those black markets work? damn if those" b'drugs from south america keep coming over our borders, too, even' b"though we've banned them. guess we might as well legalize them." b'makes you want to send fifty bucks to the libertarian party just' b"thinking about it, doesn't it?" b'' b'anyway, all you gun nut rush limbaugh fans, please *keep* up your diatribes' b'against brady and other evil "liberal media" plots you \'re so damn funny!' b'you provide endless amounts of entertainment in your arguments and examples of' b'why someone should be allowed to carry a piece! keep us all chuckling!' b'' b"your close-minded ignorance is without parallel. i guess that's what" b'happens when you\'re raised as a "subject" without rights. your' b'type gravitates to those who desire to hold power over you.' b'' b"hell, i miss those nra ads with gerald mcrainey now that i'm over here! those" b'were like monty python sketches!' b'' b'just chuckle as the cops beat you senseless to get a confession.' b'just laugh yourself silly when you find that confession is valid' b'in court. "hey mate, this is justice, british style."' b'' b'drew' b'--' b'*** brought into your terminal from the free state of idaho b'*** when you outlaw rights, only outlaws will have rights b'*** spook fodder: fema, nsa, clinton, gore, insurrection, nsc,' b'semtex, neptunium, terrorist, cia, mi5, mi6, kgb, deuterium' 