b'' b':you are loosing.' b'' b'"loosing"? well, i\'ll avoid the spelling flames and see if this person' b'can make up for it.' b'' b'' b':there is no question about it.' b'' b"oh, there's lots of question about it. people are becoming more aware each" b'day that their rights are being threatened, so much so that nra membership' b'is growing at the rate of nearly per *day*. we are slowly gaining' b'our rightful voice, despite the biases, prejudices, and veiled motives of' b'the liberal media and anti-gun politicians. we will win.' b'' b':of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. no matter' b':how hard you try, public opinion is set against the rkba.' b'' b'what do you base this on? some highly-skewed poll conducted by nbc news?' b'the same group who faked gm pickup explosions just to make "news"? right.' b'' b':this is the end. by the finish of the clinton administration, your' b':rkba will be null and void. tough titty.' b'' b'it is true that we face even greater obstacles to our rights, betrayed by' b'those lying politicians who swear an oath to protect the constitution "from' b'all enemies, both foreign and domestic." but the people will take only so' b'many lies and deceits.' b'' b':you had better discover ways to make do without firearms. the number of' b':cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. there is nothing you' b':can do about it. those who live by the sword shall die by it.' b'' b'then the criminals who live by murder shall die by it. honest, law-abiding' b'citizens need have no fear on that count. you, however, will evidently' b'die by (or at least in) ignorance. and the number of firearms self-defenses' b'shall spell out our ultimate victory.' b'' b':the press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against' b':you, the flow of history is against you this is it b'' b'the flow of history was against the founding fathers, but they managed to' b'successfully form the first real free republic on the face of this planet,' b'a republic that has become the model for all others to follow. the press' b'is against us, for its own selfish motivations. and the people will soon' b'realize the depths of deceit being spread by that media, and nullify its' b'ill-directed power. the people are with us.' b'' b':surrender your arms. soon enough, officers will be around to collect' b':them. resistance is useless. they will overwhelm you one at a time.' b':your neighbors will not help you. they will consider you more if an' b":immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'." b'' b'i shall never submit to an illegal, unconstitutional police state. i will' b'take my own vow to uphold the constitution, and i shall defend it and my' b'country against a tyrannical government gone mad, should it become' b'necessary.' b'' b':too fucking bad. you have gone the way of the kkk. violent solutions' b":are passe'. avoid situations which encourage criminals. then you will" b':be as safe as possible. such as it is b'' b'i will not be your sacrificial sheep, and i shall not bow down to you or' b'anyone else who seeks to control my life. being an unarmed target is the' b'surest way of encouraging criminals, and believe me, i shall avoid it as' b'much as possible. then i shall be as safe as possible. i will answer' b'with violence only when no other option exists, but i shall surely answer.' b'' b'mike ruff' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'- self be true. --polonius b'those who would sacrifice essential b'liberties for a little temporary b'safety deserve neither liberty b'nor safety. --b. franklin 