b'' b'(dillon pyron) says:' b'some police departments switched to glocks, and then started quietly' b'switching many officers back to the old revolvers. too many were having' b'accidents, partly due to the poor training they received. not that glocks' b'require rocket scientists, but some cops are baffled by something as complex' b'as the timer on a vcr.' b'' b'hell, a glock is the last thing that should be switched to. the only thing' b'that i know about a glock is the lack of a real safety on it. sure there is' b"that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety." b'' b'ahem!!! hrumph!!!! you have encurred the wrath of glock owners. we will' b'beat' b"you with our hammers. oooops, don't have any b'' b'seriously. there is no difference in the safeties betweena glock and any da' b'revolver. intellectually, think of the glock as a very high cap revolver.' b'ignoring stove pipes, misfeeds and all the other bonus exercises that' b'autoloaders give you, that is.' b'' b'every gun has its safe moment and its dangerous moment. if you just learn how' b'to handle it, it becomes a lot less dangerous (to you).' b'--' b'dillon pyron the opinions expressed are those of the' b'ti/dseg lewisville vax support sender unless otherwise stated.' b"(214)462-3556 (when i'm here) b"(214)492-4656 (when i'm home) |texans: vote no on robin hood. we need" b'padi dm-54909 b'' b'' b"all very true. i'm going on what i have read and heard from friends." b'basically the glock is great but i have heard/read that it is a lot harder to' b'learn proper handling because of the type of safety that it has. i was' b'looking at a glock .40s&w and the s&w a couple of weeks ago and the' b'safties on the guns were very different. the saftey on the seemed a lot' b'more "safe" (for lack of a better word) than the one on the glock. of course' b'this could also be a bad thing if you were to pull the gun on somebody. you' b'would spend more time fiddling around turning the safety off. personally i' b'like the glocks because they are very light and i think they look really cool' b"(guess that's why they use them in so many movies) but i wouldn't get one as" b'my first semi-auto because of the safety. i would prefer more training with' b'a "traditional" semi-auto (ala colt but of course that\'s just my opinion.' b'' b'jason' 