b'' b'' b"all your points are very well taken and things that i haven't considered as" b'i am not really familiar enough with handguns.' b'' b"that's not all that kratz doesn't know." b'' b'hell, a glock is the last thing that should be switched to. the only thing' b'that i know about a glock is the lack of a real safety on it. sure there is' b"that little thing in the trigger but that isn't too great of a safety." b'' b"now we know that kratz doesn't understand what a safety is supposed to" b'do. (he also confuses "things he can see" with "things that exist";' b'glocks have multiple safeties even though only one is visible from the' b'outside.)' b'' b"excuse me but i do know what i safety is supposed to do. it's basic purpose b"not to let the gun fire until you're ready. christ, i've known that since i" b"had my first crosman air gun. you don't know me so don't make assumptions" b"about what i know and don't know. i do know that the glock has multiple" b'safties from reports, looking at them at a gun shop, and friends who own one.' b'' b"a safety is supposed to keep the gun from going off unless that's" b'what the user wants. with glocks, one says "i want the gun to go' b'off" by pulling the trigger. if the safeties it has make that work,' b'it has a "real" safety, no matter what kratz thinks.' b'' b'-andy' b'--' b'from the things i have read/heard glocks are always knocked because of the' b'trigger safety. they are supposedly harder to learn to use properly. every' b"article that i have read can't be wrong about the damn thing. and don't ask" b"me to quote my sources because i don't keep a ton of gun magazines and/or" b"rec.guns articles laying around. boy, you can't make a simple statement on" b'here without someone getting right on your ass. no wonder why there are so' b'many problems in the world. everyone takes everything just a little too' b"seriously. by the way, i'm not going to reply to any of this stuff anymore as" b'someone made the good point that this discussion is getting too close to r.g' b'(and yes i know that i had something to do with that).' b'' b'jason' 