b'' b'[this is a co-authored report from two of us who were there.]' b'' b'gun owners action league, our state rifle association, started the day' b'with a rally in the secluded courtyard behind the statehouse at b'it was looking sparse (about people) until the speaker began,' b'whereupon about more people followed the loudspeakers from' b'wherever they had been lost, and filled out the area something proud.' b'' b'mike yacino of goal spoke. one of his best throwaway lines was to' b'remind us that all of us holders of carry permits there had been' b'checked and certified clear of all crimes by the state; while the' b'people in the statehouse behind us only had to be certified clean of' b'"election fraud" to hold their jobs.' b'' b'nancy snow and amos hamburger were busy handing out id buttons and' b'sheets describing all the bills to be presented at the hearings, and' b'telling people where to find their own representatives (and in too' b'many cases, who they were).' b'' b'mike warned us that the committee was going to suspend its rules and' b"discuss a bill that hadn't made it onto the official list. it seems a" b"delegation of students from simon's rock of bard college (alma mater" b'of wayne lo, who shot up the place with an sks late last year) was' b'being bussed in to testify for a bill to ban all sales of firearms or' b'ammo to anyone who is not a state resident.' b'' b'the hearings were originally scheduled in the (large) gardner' b"auditorium at but that had been pre-empted by the governor's" b'hearings on the framingham eight (women in prison for killing abusive' b'husbands, and seeking release). so we had until to buttonhole' b'our representatives, after which we would be squashed into an' b'inadequate hearing room.' b'' b"one of my representatives' staffers was somewhat offensively smarmy." b'he said, "oh, it must be gun hearings day again! the gun lobby is' b'always so organized every year." i got a little pissed, and replied,' b'"i\'m not from the gun lobby i\'m from your district."' b'' b'at your second reporter arrived in time to notice a' b'demonstration going on in front of the statehouse (where the' b"pro-gunners weren't). randy price from the tv news was there, in his" b'mirror reflective shades, talking to one of the anti-gun types, and' b'several simon\'s rock anti-gun "close-the-loophole" protestors.' b'(earlier, randy had covered the goal rally.)' b'' b'the room we had been assigned seated about remember, there were' b'about gun owners there, plus another students and teachers' b'from bard. one of us had already reserved a seat; the other never got' b'closer than the atrium outside and there was a crowd behind him. a' b'cop took up station at the entrance and prevented the rest of the' b'crowd from coming in. soon after the debate started, a loudspeaker' b'was set up outside in the hall for the benefit of everyone else.' b'' b'everyone who was there (inside and outside) got to sign up on a sheet' b'saying what their position was on which bills. most of us signed up' b'to "support goal\'s position" on "all bills."' b'' b'first, because of their time constraints, public officials got to' b'testify. and first up was the bill that nobody had seen (the students' b'had some curfew, i guess).' b'' b'currently, massachusetts law allows a non-resident to purchase long' b'guns or ammo from a local dealer provided he complies with the laws of' b'his own state. previously, the law was similar, but applied only to' b"non-residents from states adjoining massachusetts. the simon's rock" b'folks called the current law a "loophole" and wanted it closed.' b'' b'two of their reps spoke about wayne lo and his "sks assault rifle."' b'the second one, hodgekiss, a co-sponsor, had done his homework so well' b"that he kept confusing montana (wayne lo's home state) with missouri," b'and became belligerent when about five gun owners in the gallery' b'corrected him after his second muff. carr, from gloucester, claimed' b'that the new bill would put the law back the way it was, but he was' b'lying: the new bill allows purchases by non-residents of adjoining' b'states only if they have licensing in their own state "as strong as"' b"that in massachusetts. since none of them do, that's that." b'' b'some of the things these two said were really offensive. "in some of' b'these other states, anyone can buy a gun as long as he\'s breathing!"' b'(oooooo!) "we have some very, very good gun laws in massachusetts; if' b"only the other states would adopt the same type of laws, we wouldn't" b'be having this situation but they won\'t." (naughty, naughty!)' b'' b'next up was boston city councilman albert "dapper" o\'neill. he was' b"there to testify pro-gun, but in some ways he was a liability. he's" b"reasonably elderly and tends to wander and repeat himself, plus he's" b'almost a caricature of a law-n-order politician. he badmouthed the' b'aclu, said violent criminals should be executed, and that if he were' b'judge, he\'d give arrestees their "last rights" (pun intended) on the' b'spot (at which many of the gun owners applauded, which bothered me.)' b'he said that all the proposed gun restrictions were a step in the' b'right direction for the criminals. he said this four times b'' b'two of the bills under consideration would allow police to rescind a' b'ccw or fid, and confiscate all your guns, if someone had filed a' b'restraining order against you. (note that the filing of a restraining' b'order requires no warrant, no hearing, no evidence, and no conviction' b'-- just an accusation.) senator barrett of reading testified in favor' b'of it, and patronized the pro-gunners there several times by saying,' b'"i\'m sure all the gun owners here will agree with me that we have to' b'get these weapons out of the hands of people that our courts have' b'convicted." i haven\'t seen such a disgustingly disingenuous' b"performance since nixon whined that he wasn't a crook." b'' b'barrett also spoke in favor of the bill making the fid card renewable' b'every five years, instead of permanent as it is now. the stated' b'purpose is to remove fid cards from those who have become ineligible.' b'"revenue has nothing to do with it." (yeah, right.) apparently, some' b"congressmen think we're stupid enough to swallow the argument that" b"it's preferable to process million renewals every cycle in the" b'vague hope of catching a recent felon than to simply take the goddamn' b'card away from a criminal at conviction time. as usual, hassle the' b'law-abiding instead of the crook.' b'' b'the two co-chairs of the committee were rep. caron and sen. jujuga.' b'jujuga didn\'t say much (he was a co-sponsor of both "restraining' b'order" bills) but caron struck me as a sharp guy that wouldn\'t let any' b'bad logic or lies on the part of either side to go unchallenged. (he' b'was a co-sponsor of one of the "restraining order" bills as well.) one' b'of the younger reps on the committee (forgot his name) was' b'vociferously pro-gun, somewhat embarrassingly so. his heart was in' b'the right place, but his arguments seemed to be confined to, "every' b'year it\'s the same damn thing, you come in here with this crap..."' b"it's nice to have a friend on the committee, but he could have been" b'more effective.' b'' b"at about it was clear that the hall-jam couldn't continue." b'someone came out of another meeting hall and yelled at the cop because' b'the loudspeaker was disturbing their meeting, so the loudspeaker was' b'disconnected. so they found a bigger hall upstairs. one of us had' b'to leave to catch his charter bus, and so missed the "public"' b'testimony; the other got a seat this time.' b'' b'caron began by talking about how he got his fid years ago, left the' b'state, and then returned without notifying them of his address change.' b'he complained that the state record system was not up-to-date and that' b'his pd back in his city of birth still thought he lived there. great' b'quote: "if you purchase a gun today, it will not get into the state' b'computer system until (this was also an argument he used' b'against the renewable fid card.)' b'' b'testimony was heard from several "battered women," one of whom had' b"been attacked by some guy in his 20's who had an fid card because he" b'got it when he was or thereabouts. they used a lot of emotion and' b'said how they were scared of these men. a staffer of attorney general' b'harshbarger testified in favor of this anti-gun bill, saying how' b'50,000 restraining orders were granted last year, and how these women' b'needed to be protected. caron noted that a restraining order was' b'granted for days, and then a hearing was held to determine whether' b'the order would be extended to a year. he asked whether she would be' b'satisfied if the fid were revoked at the time of this hearing rather' b'than after the initial issuance of the fid. she gave some long' b'rambling circumlocution in response.' b'' b'then testimony against the bill was heard. mike yacino (who looks' b'something like einstein) got up and made the point that restraining' b'orders were issued on too little evidence, that judges like to issue' b'restraining orders just to let things cool off no matter who they' b'think is right (man or woman), and that the hearings for restraining' b'orders are lightning sessions with little time to consider facts.' b'atty. karen mcnutt spoke with him a few times during his testimony.' b'' b'other pro-gunners got up to testify. one said he had had to file a' b'restraining order against a tenant to clear her out, and that she' b'countered by filing one against him! he noted that this would have' b'allowed the state to confiscate his guns if the new bill became law.' b'one of the junior reps noted that "this is america" and we have to be' b'certain that individual rights are respected. senator jujuga' b'reiterated this, saying that "people who abuse smaller people can go' b'to hell as far as i care, but we have to be careful about equating' b'conviction with a restraining order." (point and match, senator.)' b'' b"another pro-gunner got up and testified that he didn't know his" b'citizenship "expired every years," and that a driver\'s license was a' b'privilege, not a right like the right to keep and bear arms.' b'' b'a third got up and said the problem was with the criminal justice' b'system, and argued in favor of a death penalty bill and public' b'hangings. senator jujuga said he had himself tried to get a death' b'penalty bill passed, and joking responded that he, too, favored public' b'hangings. the speaker then responded, "i\'ll make you a deal. you get' b'me the rope, and i\'ll tie the noose."' b'' b"next came public testimony on the simon's rock bill. a teacher" b'testified that she had been the teacher of wayne lo, and that "he' b"wouldn't have been able to shoot people inside a building while he was" b'outside" without his evil gun. she said that the "loophole" should be' b'closed to prevent something like this from "ever happening again".' b'' b'four or five other kids testified in favor of this bill, one of' b'spilling tears for the good legislators. one of the students actually' b'shot by wayne lo was also there. many of them had t shirts on,' b'saying, "as long as one person can buy a gun in anger, none of us are' b'safe support gun control." the committee was reluctant to grill or' b'correct the kids, except for caron, who corrected one student who had' b'claimed that anyone could apply for an fid. "only residents can get' b'fid\'s," he said. (how much do you want to bet that this kid had no' b'idea he had been conned into testifying for a bill that would cut' b'out-of-staters completely off?)' b'' b'yacino and mcnutt spoke again, this time noting that the bill as' b'written would affect both ammo and all guns possessed by' b'out-of-staters. karen also noted that hunters in ct, nh, and vt could' b'be put away for a year if they wandered across the ma boundary' b'somewhere in the woods and got challenged by game wardens. yacino' b'underscored the fact that lo could have gotten an fid as a resident' b'student and, hell, even an ccw, as he had no criminal or mental' b'record.' b'' b'one junior rep was upset that it would take ma residents longer to buy' b'a gun than out-of-staters, and thought it was "elitist". another' b'(caron?) said that we need the protection of preventing non-residents' b'from buying without an fid because only two other states in the union' b'had "fid-type" cards, so complying with all the laws of one\'s home' b'state was "not enough." one pro-gun speaker replied that this' b'resembled a mother watching her son in a marching band and exclaiming,' b'"everyone\'s out of step but johnny!"' b'' b'all the bard college people were filing out as the pro-gun testimony' b'for this bill was made, and thus only pro-gunners were around when the' b'other bills came under consideration. the main bills remaining (and' b"goal's position) were:" b'' b'o h.4375 and four others: notify police chiefs so they can pull' b'licenses when a holder is convicted (strongly supported)' b'' b'o h.1732: require trigger locks on all handguns sold (opposed)' b'' b'o h.962: require trigger locks on all loaded firearms (strongly' b'opposed)' b'' b'o h.1350: allow every municipality to enact their own gun laws' b'(opposed)' b'' b'o h.1731: fund bullet-proof vests for municipal police (supported)' b'' b'o s.1097: state constitutional amendment for the rkba (supported)' b'' b'o several on police discretion in the issuance of fid cards (opposed)' b'' b'o several altering non-resident license conditions (supported)' b'' b'o h.1135: ban damn near all guns everywhere in the state (guess!)' b'' b'some of these took only seconds to consider, as the remaining' b'pro-gunners raised hands in unison either for or against them.' b'' b'mike yacino noted that, besides the danger in screwing with a trigger' b'lock on a loaded gun, that bill would make it illegal for a licensee' b'to carry his concealed handgun unless it were locked.' b'' b'caron blew right through h.1350 when he saw that we opposed it.' b"again, he brought up the state's archaic records capability and said," b'"this would create hundreds of different licensing systems."' b'' b'the session ran late since it was the last scheduled hearing, it' b'could not be adjourned until everyone who wanted to had testified. it' b'ended at about b'--' b'' b'' 