b'' b'fellow texans and members of crime strike in texas' b'' b'crime strike in texas has a loosely knit coalition with most' b'victims rights groups in texas. we ask that you write a' b'letter protesting the release of the following murderer.' b'' b'this letter should be written to b'' b'raven kazen victims services' b'board of pardons and paroles' b'p.o. box capital station' b'austin, texas b'' b'the letter should be written if at all possible on red paper' b'as that was agreed on at one of our first meetings it' b'represents the coalition and all of its parts as well as the' b'heart ache of those left behind and the blood spilled by' b'these criminals. the letter should have only one name on it' b'so it can be filed in the folder of that criminal waiting for' b'his next try at parole.' b'' b'list of criminals:' b'' b'today we have only one parole to protest on october b'1990, mark steven hughes rendered numerous blows to the head' b'of james allen pompa ten month old james went into a coma' b'and died two days later.' b'' b'on july mark steven hughes pled guilty to injury to' b'a child and received a ten-year sentence. according to texas' b'law, mark became eligible for parole on january b'six months before he was even sentenced!' b'' b'would you join us in strongly protesting the release from' b'prison of mark steven hughes, who beat a baby to death b'' b'mark steven hughes beat to death the baby boy of' b'russel pompa reference mark steven hughes tdc# b'' b'' b'mark your envelope "protest letter" on the front and back.' b'' b'a typical letter is indicated on the next page b'' b'thank you very much.' b'' b'irvin wilson volunteer crime strike texas' b'' b'' b'date: april b'' b'raven kazen victims services' b'board of pardons and paroles' b'p.o. box capital station' b'austin texas b'' b'i protest the parole of mark steven hughes tdc#633546, who,' b'murdered james son of russel pompa.' b'' b'he should be kept in prison for his full sentence and not be' b'released at any time prior to his full sentence for any' b'reason.' b'' b'' b'irvin wilson' b'houston, texas' b'' b'--' 