b'' b'' b'i hate long postings, but this turned out to be rather lengthy....' b'' b"that's ok you can mail me if you want more discussion." b'' b'acquiring weapons in norway:' b'you can buy (almost) all kinds of weapons in norway, but you must have a' b'permit, and a good reason to get the permit....' b'' b'around here, long-guns are proof of age and fill out the forms.' b'for pistols, nation-wide check for felonies and three days wait. the' b'"good reason" is the difference, and one americans tend to get annoyed' b'over as we see no reason the guy with the badge is any better than us.' b'' b"it's a little like getting a drivers licence isn't it b'you have to prove that you can drive before you are allowed to...' b'' b'not when dealing with america. i can drive an 18-wheel truck' b"with no permit, no license, and at age if i'm engaged in farming" b'work. strange, that, but there is little to no problem with this.' b'again, personal rights versus collective security.' b'' b"some crimes are commited with guns that have been in the owners 'arms'" b'for a long time, but these are rather the exeption.' b'most criminals accuire guns to use them in crimes, and mostly short' b'time befor the crime.' b'' b'strange that the rates would decline, since killing somebody' b'is much more frowned upon than merely stealing a gun.' b'' b'use of knives:' b"it is allowed to cary knifes in public, but not in your belt or 'open'." b"you (americans) think it's ok to have a gun, but not to carry it open" b'in public -rigth b'' b'why attract attention? i carry my sword openly to and from' b'practice, as that is the only legal thing i can do. i also attract' b'a lot of attention doing this. i\'d rather be lost "in a crowd of one"' b'than be the subject of attention while carrying a weapon. think of' b'the word "intimidation" and you can see where intimidation is not' b'the preferable method for the normal citizen.' b'' b"scandinavians are 'aggressive':" b'we northeners are not as hot-livered as southeners, but when we decide' b'to take action we do.' b'ask any historian or millitary with an knowledge of europe....' b'(or ask any german who served in norway in ww2.....)' b'' b'aggressive towards whom? southerners? germans? precisely' b'why i think your society is less violent, weapons aside.' b'' b'yes the individual is more important than the masses, but only to some' b'extent....' b'your criminal laws are to protect the individuals who makes the masses b'what happens when the rigths of some individuals affects the rights of' b'all the [masses?? editor barf dan]' b'' b'then the masses have the same rights as the individuals, because' b'everything comes down to the individual in one instance or another. to' b'draw an analogy, norway is involved in the eec. the usa in involved in' b'nato. the eec requires certain changes in your laws. nato requires' b'no such changes in usa law. these laws affect citizens, and hence' b'norway is saying europe is more important than, say, norwegians having' b"motorcycles that make over 100bhp. in the usa, we'd likely tell the" b'eec to get stuffed since the eec has no business, in our eyes, in' b'telling us how much horsepower we can safely ride. while i note' b'that our own state governments often play with game with the federal' b'government, in essence this is a cultural difference between us.' b'' b'if i lived in amerika i would probably have a gun to defend myselfe in home.' b'but should it have to be like that b'' b"it shouldn't. since neither of our countries has managed to" b'remove criminals from society, in america we feel (and remember we' b'have individual states that are larger than your country) that if the' b'police cannot protect us then we must do so ourselves. the criminals' b'in our country are quite violent, hence we prepare for them.' b'' b"do you think it's wise to sell guns like candy (some states do...) b"if you believe it's smart/neccacery to have drivers-licence why do you think" b'it should be free to buy guns b'' b"we don't. e-mail me to find out just how difficult it really" b'is in this country. it is easier than in yours, but theft is far' b'easier than the troubles we go through to purchase over here.' b'' b"i would defend my home, loved ones and country, but i don't view guns as" b'neccities or toys.' b'' b'they are neither. they are an option. we would never force' b'you to own guns if you lived here. we would, however, fight to keep' b'that option open to you.' b'' b"i have done army service, and have used a variaty of weapons, but wouldn't" b"want to have one for self defence or because they 'feel good'...." b'' b'then you show you are a responsible, rational user of weapons.' b'welcome to our ranks. now, how do we teach the young people this sort' b'of responsibility? cultures seem to have a grave impact here.' b'' b"i notice you didn't use my great-grandfather's name. well," b"he didn't like it much either b'' b"< isu only censors what i read, not what i say. don't blame them. b'< usenet: post to exotic, distant machines. meet exciting, b'< unusual people. and flame them. 