b'' b'april b'' b'as william o. douglas noted, "if a powerful sponsor is lacking,' b'individual liberty withers in spite of glowing opinions and' b'resounding constitutional phrases."' b'' b'the legislative scorecard outlined below resulted from subcommittee,' b'committee, and floor action. many important victories, however, come' b'from coordinating with legislators to ensure anti-gun/anti-hunting' b'legislation is either amended favorably, rejected, or never voted.' b'these quiet victories are no less impressive in protecting our' b'fundamental civil liberties guaranteed by the second amendment to the' b'u.s. constitution.' b'' b'****' b'' b'arizona sb nra-supported legislation concerning minors in' b'criminal possession of firearms passed the house is currently' b'awaiting action by the governor.' b'' b'arkansas hb firearms preemption legislation was signed by the' b'governor making this the forty-first state to pass preemption.' b'preemption had passed twice in previous sessions only to be vetoed by' b'then gov. bill clinton. hb mandatory storage of firearms,' b'amended and then killed in committee.' b'' b'colorado sb mandating the storage of firearms with a' b'trigger-lock, killed in committee. sb prohibiting the sale of' b'certain semi-auto firearms was killed in committee. sb b'so-called colorado handgun violence prevention act, including a' b'provision for a 10-day waiting period, killed in committee.' b'' b'connecticut substitute bill no. imposing a tax on all' b'firearms, ammunition, and archery equipment killed in environment' b'committee.' b'' b'florida a bill to require a 3-year license at a cost of to own' b'or possess semi-automatic firearms with a second degree felony' b'provision years in prison) died in committee along with numerous' b'other anti-gun owner bills. no anti-gun legislation passed in' b'florida this year.' b'' b'georgia sb supposed instant check with provision allowing for' b'up to a 7-day "waiting period," defeated in house public safety' b'committee and sent to interim study committee. mandatory storage' b'bill sb was defeated in the senate. the same bill' b'passed the upper-house in b'' b'' b'illinois hb prohibiting the sale, possession, manufacture,' b'purchase, possession, or carrying of certain semi-auto firearms, was' b'defeated in house judiciary ii subcommittee on firearms. hb b'mandatory storage legislation, failed in house judiciary subcommittee' b'on firearms. hb repeals foid and makes ftip, point of sale' b'check permanent, passed out of judiciary committee by a vote.' b'presently on the calendar for third reading in the house.' b'' b'sb mandatory storage bill, defeated in committee.' b'sb imposing a handgun excise tax, failed in senate committee on' b"revenue's subcommittee on tax increases." b'sb 272,imposing a tax on all persons engaged in the business of' b"selling firearms, failed in senate revenue committee's subcommittee" b'on tax increases.' b'' b'indiana sb statewide firearms preemption, passed in the senate' b'34-16, and in the house twelve amendments were introduced on' b'the house floor to sb among these amendments were a ban on' b'certain semi-auto firearms, mandatory storage, trigger-lock, a ban on' b'"saturday night specials" (similar to maryland bill), and' b'handgun rationing (one handgun per month). all were defeated.' b'' b'[i read this morning s.b. was defeated lvc]' b'' b'kansas hb providing for a 72-hour waiting period on all' b'firearms was defeated in committee. hb presently on the' b"governor's desk, hb and sb and all relating to victims'" b'rights, are expected to be enacted into law.' b'' b'maine funding for the department of fish and wildlife b"budget, was restored following severe reductions in the governor's" b'proposed budget. ld an anti-hunting bill which included reverse' b'posting and yard safety zones, killed in committee.' b'' b'maryland sb 6-(firearms incendiary ammunition) died in committee on' b'a vote, sb (reckless endangerment firearms sale or' b'transfer) died in committee on a vote, sb (gun control b'"assault weapons") died in committee on vote, sb (weapons' b'-free school zone) was withdrawn, sb (weapons on school property-' b'driver\'s license suspension was withdrawn, sb ("assault pistols"' b'- sale, purchase or transport) died in committee on vote, sb b'("assault pistols" act of died in committee on a vote, sb' b'682 (baltimore city-firearms-rifles and shotguns) died in committee' b'on a vote.' b'' b'hb (pistol and revolver dealers licenses compliance with zoning' b'laws) was withdrawn, hb (regulated firearms-sales and transfer)' b'died on the senate floor, hb (handguns and "assault weapons" b'advertising for sale or transfer) died in committee, hb (handguns' b'and "assault weapons" exhibitors) died in committee, hb b'("assault pistols" act of died in committee on a vote, hb' b'496 (gun shows-sale, trade, or transfer of regulated firearms) died' b'in committee on a vote, hb (firearms handguns "assault' b'pistols" handgun roster board) was withdrawn, hb (rifles and' b'shotguns registration) was withdrawn, hb (pistols and revolvers' b'- private sales or transfers- required notice) died in committee,' b'and hb prince georges county b'weapons free school zone) was withdrawn.' b'' b'mississippi hb closing a loophole allowing felons to possess' b'firearms, passed both houses and signed by the governor. the bill' b'codifies into law mechanism for certain felons to have their second' b'amendment liberties reinstated.' b'' b'nebraska lb and lb mandatory trigger-lock bills, killed in' b'committee.' b'' b'new hampshire h.b. providing for reciprocity for concealed' b'carry licenses passed. h.b. increasing the term of a license' b'to carry loaded handguns passed.' b'' b'new mexico sb imposing a 7-day "waiting period," defeated in' b'senate committee and then on floor of the senate hb' b'182, mandatory storage legislation, was killed by a vote of in' b'committee. hb legislation safeguarding sportsmen in the field' b'from harassment by animal rights extremists, signed into law by the' b'governor on march b'' b'new york seven-day waiting period was defeated in the city of' b'buffalo. ban on certain semi-autos was defeated in monroe county.' b'the tax and fee bills to be imposed on guns and ammo were not' b'included in the budget. sb making pistol licenses' b'provides for validity of pistol license throughout the state, passed' b'senate. currently awaiting action in assembly committee.' b'' b'north dakota hb granting victims compensation in certain' b'circumstances, was signed into law by the governor on april b'' b'oregon sb banning firearms on school grounds and in court' b'buildings, withdrawn as a result of gun owners opposition.' b'' b'rhode island hb mandatory firearms storage legislation,' b'defeated in committee by a vote of hb an act prohibiting' b'aliens from owning firearm; defeated by unanimous vote in committee.' b'hb excepting nra instructors from the firearms safety' b'requirement, reported favorably. hb exempting persons with an' b"attorney general's permit from the 7-day waiting period, reported to" b'the floor by a vote of b'hb extending the term of a permit to carry from two years to' b'three years, reported to the floor unanimously.' b'' b"utah hb reforming the state's concealed carry statute, passed" b'out of house committee. sb creating civil liability for' b'so-called negligent storage of a firearm, and sb creating the' b'offense of "reckless endangerment" with a firearm, killed on senate' b'floor.' b'' b'virginia: s.b. and s.b. requiring proof of state residence' b"to obtain virginia driver's license passed. s.b. which" b'increases the penalty and imposes a mandatory minimum sentence for' b'"straw man" purchases of multiple firearms passed. s.b. b'allowing possession of "sawed-off" rifles and shotguns in compliance' b'with federal law passed. s.b. making it a felony for first' b'offense of carrying a concealed firearm without a license (which the' b'nra opposes until law-abiding citizens can acquire a concealed carry' b'license for self-defense), was defeated. h.b. increasing the' b'penalty for use of a firearm in committing a felony was passed. h.b.' b"2076, requiring proof of residence to obtain a driver's license" b'passed. h.b. providing for a referendum on the imposition of a' b'statewide three- day "waiting period" in handgun purchases was' b'defeated.' b'' b'washington: sb calling for waiting periods and licensing for' b'all semi-automatic firearms, died in committee.' b'' b'west virginia s.c.r. which calls for a study to control' b'transfers of handguns and "assault weapons" was defeated in the' b'senate b'' b'wisconsin in a referendum up against all odds, the determined' b'efforts of the madison area citizens against crime paid off on april' b'6 when a nonbinding referendum banning the possession of handguns in' b'madison, wisconsin, was defeated. despite opposition to the ban b'aired largely by firearms owners at a series of public meetings on' b'the issue the common council voted on february to place the' b'referendum on the ballot, allowing only seven weeks of campaigning to' b'reverse public opinion on the controversial issue.' b'' b'an october poll conducted by the wisconsin state journal found' b'57% in support and opposed, with expressing no opinion. by' b'election day, of the more than voters who went to the polls,' b'51% cast ballots in opposition to the proposal while voted to' b'have the madison common council enact such a ban. the campaign' b'committee, spearheaded by the wisconsin pro-gun movement and nra-ila,' b'relied on neighborhood canvassing, direct mail and radio/tv' b'advertising to educate voters on the civil liberties implications' b'raised by enforcement of the ban if the referendum was approved.' b'' b'despite the surprising defeat, it is expected that the madison' b"initiative's chief proponent, mayor paul soglin, will attempt to have" b'the common council enact an ordinance banning handguns.' b'' b'downloaded from gun-talk b'a service of the' b'national rifle association' b'institute for legislative action' b'washington, dc b'--' 