b'' b'' b"does anyone have any idea about the size of waco? i'm just curious because" b'if it were a small town that may have something to do with it. possibly not.' b"it sure didn't take it very long to burn down though. i was watching abc and" b'it only took like a little over minutes to burn down.' b'' b'waco is a city of about people. the population temporarily' b'raised to about people when all the feds, and state police officers' b'arrived.' b'' b'i tell you what, i stayed in a hotel room about miles from the bd' b'compound around weeks ago. i have never felt more paranoid in my whole' b'life. there were at least state police in the hotel.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'the claim "we had the water turned off, so the fire engines had to bring' b'their own" doesn\'t hold up: if they had cut off the water, they surely' b"could have turned it back on just as quickly. they just didn't want to:" b'there were some scores to settle. message to anybody else is very clear:' b'"don\'t fuck with us. we will do you in..."' b'' b'not that i am one to believe that everything that the government tells us is' b'true but if that was the message they wanted to send why did they wait days?' b'i think the message would be better sent by charging in there right away not' b'waiting for days and pounding them with sound, etc.' b'' b'a bunch of dead bd members are not going to be so able to tell their' b'side of the story, so now all we have is the story according to the batf' b'and fbi. also, mr "care about the rights of people" clinton, or his' b"administration approved this action (fbi said 'washington had approved" b"it'). they fbi said the gas masks used by the bds have a finite life," b"and were close to running out. why couldn't they have just waited?" b'' b'well, there are people supposedly alive. they can tell their story. as far' b"as bill clinton is concerned don't you think he has more pressing matters to" b'attend to besides some small group of people in texas? how about bosnia? now' b"there's a problem...... why couldn't they have waited? they waited too long" b'as it is. something should have been done earlier.' b'' b'' b'they gov is trying to say it was a mass suicide. in the past they had' b"expressed this was a real possibility, but now they decided it wasn't" b'a possibility so they could go on with the raid. apparantly what they' b'feel korash was or was not capable of or going to do was driven by' b'what was most convenient at the time...' b'' b'now this means that:' b'' b'1: the public and media will forget about all this having become weary of' b'it.' b'' b'this has already happened for many people.' b'' b'2: there will be no investigation (independent or otherwise) or a whitewash.' b'' b'very much a possibility.' b'' b'3: there will be no unsealing of the warrant and related documents.' b'4: what anybody will know about this incident will be the batf version.' b'' b"with the way our government is i wouldn't doubt it." b'' b'5: the batf has just been given carte blanche for further abuses, with' b' the effective support and approval of the administration.' b'' b'clinton said on the news that he knew about what was happening but that it was' b'all in the hands of the fbi. that is if you choose to believe the media.' b'' b'6: there will be more abuses, with no concern of administration censure.' b'7: the precident has been established that the feds can kill in quantity' b' to achieve their aims. especially if the target is excercising their' b' rights under the second amendment, and the rest of the bill of rights,' b' and is a government-declared un-nice fellow.' b'' b'if they had rocket launchers and such (as the press and gov claims) why' b"shouldn't they have done something? what possible use would a religious cult" b'have for a rocket launcher? also, is child abuse covered by the bill of' b'rights?' b'' b' lls and clams will be pleased. dung tsow ping(sp) will be pleased.' b' saddam hussein(sp) will be pleased. idi amin would be pleased. stalin' b' would be pleased. even hitler would be pleased. any self-respecting' b' despot would nod and say "well done, bill clinton!!"' b'' b'well, then there are probably a lot of self-respecting despots in the us cause' b"i'm sure they feel the same way." b'' b'god bless america land of the free!!! (past tense).' b'' b'well, maybe i am overreacting. but i see on the tv as i am typing where' b'' b'maybe, maybe not. there are a lot of questions that should be raised about' b'this incident. the problem is, who will do it and be heard?' b'' b'govt spoksewoman (the new attorney general, known to be almost rabid' b"about private ownership of guns wants to ban 'assault guns' and just" b'about everything else), is saying the fbi had "amazing restraint", then' b'falls back into the official goverenment line about how the bd were' b'guity of child abuse, and were into it in an on-going basis, and so on.' b'note that according to the liberal elite, giving a child a spanking is' b'regarded as child abuse (seriously if it gets known, the state can' b'take your child away from you if you spank your kid). she also is saying' b'' b'which state is that? the federal government or an individual state government' b'?' b'' b'clinton personally approved this operation she "told him it was' b'appropriate and so on, and he said ok, do it". somehow, i am not' b'surprised the people must know who is boss who is in charge!!!' b'and it is obviouly no longer the people.' b'' b"it seems to me that the people haven't been in charge for a long time. if they" b"really were i don't think the government would be doing as many things as it" b'has in the past.' b'' b'and i maintain the appropriate response, as far as this raid by batf is' b'concerned, regarding child abuse is "so what?". batf are not our child' b'protective services police. yet. after all the bd had been tried on' b"that charge before and found not guilty. the gov't people have pretty" b'much gone silent on the terrible illegal guns bd supposedly has, and' b'stress the "continued child abuse" (apparantly to make it a seem as sort' b"of a 'rescue' operation, figuring everyone hates child abusers, and" b'anything is ok to use against them). occasional references to ammunition' b'possesed by the bds and so on is irrelevant: it is not illegal to have' b'ammunition (yet).' b'' b'true but is it illegal to have a rocket launcher?' b'' b'am i having a vain hope that an honest investigation will occur on this' b'thing? or will it simply be whitewashed under the rug, and business' b'as usual will continue to be the order of the day in the new order?' b'who will be given the official title of "thought police", i wonder...?' b'' b'and if clinton and friends have their way, (highly likely at this point)' b'the new order government will also have all the guns... so what if' b'"1984" is going to be ten years late... i think we are going to discover' b'that we will be paying dearly for putting this fellow in office for decades' b'to come. even some die-hard supporters are having serious doubts about' b'their savior.' b'' b'shit, if people dont get what they want right away there is an instant problem.' b'clinton has only been in office for a few months. give him a chance to get' b'something done. the guy had a lot of shit thrown in his lap in the beginning.' b"give him a chance to work on things a little. as they say rome wasn't built" b'in a day.' b'' b'yes, i am upset. i see no good as far as civil/individual rights to' b'come of any of his proposals/decisions for the last month or so...' b'we have really been had. or bill of rights is now nothing but a quaint' b'curiosity.' b'' b'i highly doubt that it is that bad yet. how about the rodney king trial? the' b'two people who were most responsible got the axe. how bad the axe falls tho' b'is yet to be seen.' b'' b'anybody for impeachment?' b'' b'nope. i would prefer to give bill a little more than four or five months to' b'solve the nations problems.' b'--' b' if all else fails, try: ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat' b'wisdom: "only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,' b' and i am not sure about the former." albert einstien' b'' b'' b'' 