b'' b' cnn is reporting as i write this that the atf has ignited all' b' the buildings of the branch dividian ranch near waco, tx. the' b' lies from atf say "holes were made in the walls and \'non-lethal\' tear' b' gas pumped in". a few minutes after this started the whole thing went up.' b' all buildings are aflame. no one has escaped. i think it obvious that' b' the atf used armored flame-thrower vehicles to pump in unlit' b' napalm, then let the wood stove inside ignite it.' b'' b'well, actually, the davidians (koreshians?) started the fire themselves,' b'the last i heard around est). eight people ran out into the feilds' b'surrounding the compound. all were captured and two admitted to setting the' b"fire. i don't buy your napalm theory at all (although it would have made a" b'great commercial for my .sig). why the hell would they have a wood stove' b'burning on such a warm day? flame throwers use liquid petroleum, napalm' b'is more of a gel. now to further dispute your theory, the diluted cs gas' b"was inserted around if i understood correctly. the place didn't start" b'burning until around or b'' b' this is murder! atf murderers! butchers!!' b' this is genocidal mass-slaughter of innocent people, including children!' b' i have predicted this from the start, but god, it sickens me to see' b' it happen. i had hoped i was wrong. i had hoped that there was' b' still some shred of the america i grew up with, and loved, left' b' alive. i was wrong. the nazis have won.' b'' b"calm down kid. vernon (koresh's real name) said himself that he would not leave" b'that compound alive. the inhabitants thereof had accepted the fact that they' b'may very well have to kill themselves before it was all over.' b'' b' i repeat, as of this time there are **no survivors**!' b'' b'there are at least eight survivors. a caller on rush limbaugh today suggested' b"that the rest may even be hiding in underground bunkers. that's not such a wild" b'idea considering their weaponry and resolve.' b'' b' god help us all.' b" please crosspost don't let them get away with the slaughter of the" b' children!' b' w. k. gorman an american in tears.' b'' b"sheesh! get over it. i haven't heard (read) such ranting since the hindenberg" b"burned. this should have ended days ago. i'm glad my tax dollars have" b'finally stopped working to pay a bunch of guys to stand around and give press' b'conferences. now they can get back to more important things, like catching' b'cigarrette smugglers.' b'' b'troy' b'napalm sticks to kids.' 