b'' b'posted by cathy smith for l. neil smith' b'' b'weird science' b'' b'everyone knows how to tell when a politician is lying: his lips' b'move. what may not be equally obvious is that there are' b'politicians and then there are politicians and that the phrase' b'"political science" is subject to more than one interpretation.' b'' b'years ago, we heard how "scientists" were worried that a new ice' b'age might be coming, and later on that "nuclear winter" smoke' b'and dust thrown into the atmosphere by full-scale international' b'unpleasantness was a possibility. something like that may even' b'have killed the dinosaurs.' b'' b"what we didn't hear was that no actual data supported any of this," b'that real-world events (the burning of kuwaiti oil fields) tended' b'to discredit it, that mostly it was propaganda meant to weaken' b'values that made america the most successful culture in history,' b'and that the dinosaurs probably died of something like the plague' b'when continents drifted together, exposing them to new germs.' b'' b'we miss a lot like this, unless we listen closely. prince william' b"sound, site of the famous oil spill, and mount st. helen's weren't" b'supposed to recover from their respective disasters for at least' b"100 years. that turned out not to be true, although you'd never" b"know it from watching network nightly news or cnn. it doesn't fit" b'their agenda to inform us that the earth is vast and resilient, and' b'that nature is rougher on herself than we could ever be.' b'' b"but for once, the media aren't entirely to blame. as ignorant of" b'science as they are of everything, they trust "scientists" to' b'unscrew the inscrutable. the trouble is that today\'s "scientists"' b'have agendas of their own.' b'' b'nobody in government, that wellspring of scientific wherewithal, is' b'going to offer grants to an investigator who states truthfully that' b'there is no respectable evidence for "global warming". the money' b'and power for bureaucrats and politicians lie in mass transit, and' b'they hate the automobile blamed as a major cause of the mythical' b'crisis as a source of privacy and freedom they find intolerable.' b'' b'the same appears true of "acid rain", a deliberate hoax cooked up' b'by the environmental protection agency (which hates private' b'industrial capitalism almost as much as it does your car) and' b'foisted on real scientists through trickery which has depended on' b'specialists in different fields not talking to each other much.' b'' b'the list goes on, always with a common, disreputable thread.' b'"ozone depletion", for which evidence is even more suspect and' b'contradictory than for acid rain or global warming, is no more than' b'a last, desperate attempt to indict private capitalism in an era' b'when state central planning and the command economy have failed and' b'can only find this final, withered leg to teeter on.' b'' b'decades of anti-nuclear alarmism, resting on foundations of myth' b'and panic-mongering, have failed to erase the fact that nuclear' b'power is the safest, cleanest, most efficient source of energy' b'known to mankind and more to the point, that the greater amount' b'of energy there is available to any individual in society, the' b'freer that individual and his society become.' b'' b'honest studies on the effects of individual gun ownership and' b'self-defense on crime conducted by investigators who began as' b'ideological opponents to those concepts, but which show massive' b'reductions in the latter to be the result of the former have' b'been suppressed, most recently by the california state government.' b'' b'and what the media didn\'t say about recent epa "discoveries" on the' b'effect of "secondhand smoking" is that, although some harm to non-' b'smokers may have been detected, it was less (by an order or two of' b'magnitude) than that associated with frying bacon a couple times a' b"week or keeping a pet bird. it's enough to make you wonder whether" b'there was ever anything to the claim that smoking causes cancer.' b'' b'that, of course, is the real threat represented by politically' b'correct science. the world is a dangerous place. it would be nice' b"to know the hazards. i've never believed smoking to be a healthy" b"practice, but, given a lack of credibility on the part of today's" b'science, how am i to decide what to do about it? nicotine is' b'highly addictive, to that much i can attest from experience. yet' b'the stress of quitting may be riskier than to continue. there' b"isn't any way to tell, thanks to the corrupting influence of" b'government money on the scientific establishment.' b'' b'two centuries ago, the founding fathers spared us certain agonies' b'to which every other nation in the world has been subject at one' b'time or another, by creating a legal barrier between politics and' b'religion. each time some short-sighted individual or group has' b'tried to lower the barrier (most recently over the issue of' b'abortion), blood real human blood, hot and smoking in the street' b'-- has wound up being shed.' b'' b"real human blood is being shed over scientific issues, as people's" b'lives are ruined through the loss, to agencies like the epa, of' b'livelihood, or property it may have taken a lifetime to accumulate,' b'to diseases caused by toxins associated with burning fossil fuels' b'for electrical power, or thanks to bans on things like cyclamates,' b'when they die from the effects of obesity.' b'' b'what we need now, if we hope to survive as a civilization for two' b'more centuries, is another barrier, a constitutional separation of' b'state and science including medicine. knowledge is valuable;' b"real science won't languish for lack of funding. the money will" b'simply come from contributors unwilling to pay for lies, and' b'everyone will benefit.' b'' b'l. neil smith' b'author: the probability broach, the crystal empire, henry martyn,' b'and (forthcoming) pallas' b'lever action bbs fidonet: b'libertarian second amendment caucus' b'nra life member' b'' b'my opinions are, of course, my own.' b'' 