b'' b'here is a letter i sent to david skaggs, (dem, co). before anybody says' b'something, yes the letter is a bit "sharp" in tone. i have been writting' b'reasonable and polite letters to him for years, and all i get in return' b"in the hci party line. since he already is nra f rated, i don't think that" b'upsetting him will harm the cause. sorry if you disagree, but recent events' b'in texas really have me pissed.' b'' b'-------------------' b'april b'representative skaggs,' b'' b'recently i wrote to you regarding my outrage over the tactics used by the' b'bureau of alcohol tobacco and firearms, (batf), in texas. in your response' b'you stated that "events in texas underscore the need for stricter gun control' b'legislation to keep guns out of the hand of groups such as the branch davidians.' b'my question to you is, "what grounds would you use to deny them access to' b'firearms?" best i can tell this statement underscores your apparent total' b'ignorance of the subject, and highlights your personal bias against firearms.' b'i say this because there are only two possible paths of "gun control" which you' b'could have been referencing.' b'' b'either:' b'1) you were talking about their access to semi-automatics firearms. in this' b'case i should point out that semi-automatic firearms are legal in most areas of' b'this country, including texas and colorado. in addition the members of the' b'"cult" have never been convicted of any crimes which would deny them the ability' b'to purchase these weapons. so under what grounds would you deny them these' b'guns? their religion? the fact they they live in a large group alone by' b'themselves? because you consider them to be a cult? maybe i consider your' b'church to be a cult!' b'' b'this line of reasoning by you borders on the concept of "thought crimes." you' b'and pat robertson should really get along.' b'' b'2) you were referring to the alleged fully automatic weapons possessed by the' b'"cult." under current us law, fully automatic weapons have been covered by' b'some of the strictest gun control laws in this nation. so if david koresh' b'illegally possessed them, he would have had to circumvent some of the strictest' b'laws we have. how will more laws help? by the way, it has been reported that' b'david koresh possessed a federal firearms license which would have permitted' b'him to possess fully automatic weapons. if true, the people who perished' b'monday in the fire, died so that the federal government could collect a couple' b"hundred dollars in taxes on guns david koresh didn't declare." b'' b'i have heard claims that they were "stockpiling weapons." yet considering the' b'number of people in the complex, even weapons would not have been out of' b"line with gun ownership statistics for all of texas. what's next? a siege of" b'dallas/ft worth for alleged "stockpiling?"' b'' b'face it david skaggs, you have voted for virtually every gun control law that' b'has passed through congress, yet you claim that you are only for "reasonable"' b'restrictions. bull****! handgun control inc. is struggling to maintain' b'250,000 paid members, while the nra has just exceeded members. they' b'are still growing at a rate of new members per day. driving around your' b'district i see nra stickers every day. in eight plus years of living here i' b'have only seen one hci bumper sticker. when you vote for your "reasonable"' b'gun control laws, are you really representing your district, or are you' b"representing sarah bradys'?" b'' b'' b'thank you,' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'william j. vojak' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'april b'representative skaggs,' b'' b'recently i wrote to you regarding my outrage over the tactics used by the' b'bureau of alcohol tobacco and firearms, (batf), in texas. in your response' b'you stated that "events in texas underscore the need for stricter gun control' b'legislation to keep guns out of the hand of groups such as the branch davidians.' b'my question to you is, "what grounds would you use to deny them access to' b'firearms?" best i can tell this statement underscores your apparent total' b'ignorance of the subject, and highlights your personal bias against firearms.' b'i say this because there are only two possible paths of "gun control" which you' b'could have been referencing.' b'' b'either:' b'1) you were talking about their access to semi-automatics firearms. in this' b'case i should point out that semi-automatic firearms are legal in most areas of' b'this country, including texas and colorado. in addition the members of the' b'"cult" have never been convicted of any crimes which would deny them the ability' b'to purchase these weapons. so under what grounds would you deny them these' b'guns? their religion? the fact they they live in a large group alone by' b'themselves? because you consider them to be a cult? maybe i consider your' b'church to be a cult!' b'' b'this line of reasoning by you borders on the concept of "thought crimes." you' b'and pat robertson should really get along.' b'' b'2) you were referring to the alleged fully automatic weapons possessed by the' b'"cult." under current us law, fully automatic weapons have been covered by' b'some of the strictest gun control laws in this nation. so if david koresh' b'illegally possessed them, he would have had to circumvent some of the strictest' b'laws we have. how will more laws help? by the way, it has been reported that' b'david koresh possessed a federal firearms license which would have permitted' b'him to possess fully automatic weapons. if true, the people who perished' b'monday in the fire, died so that the federal government could collect a couple' b"hundred dollars in taxes on guns david koresh didn't declare." b'' b'i have heard claims that they were "stockpiling weapons." yet considering the' b'number of people in the complex, even weapons would not have been out of' b"line with gun ownership statistics for all of texas. what's next? a siege of" b'dallas/ft worth for alleged "stockpiling?"' b'' b'face it david skaggs, you have voted for virtually every gun control law that' b'has passed through congress, yet you claim that you are only for "reasonable"' b'restrictions. bull****! handgun control inc. is struggling to maintain' b'250,000 paid members, while the nra has just exceeded members. they' b'are still growing at a rate of new members per day. driving around your' b'district i see nra stickers every day. in eight plus years of living here i' b'have only seen one hci bumper sticker. when you vote for your "reasonable"' b'gun control laws, are you really representing your district, or are you' b"representing sarah bradys'?" b'' b'' b'thank you,' b'william j. vojak' b'' b'---------------------------' b'' b'bill vojak' b'nra, ila,' b'colorado firearms coalition' b'------------------------------------------------------------' b'the cbs nightly propaganda with dan rather. (rather not!)' b'the cbs nightly propaganda with dan rather. (rather biased!)' b'------------------------------------------------------------' 