b'' b'note: these trial updates are summarized from reports in the' b'_idaho statesman_ and the local nbc affiliate television' b'station, ktvb channel b'' b'randy weaver/kevin harris trial update: day b'' b'monday, april was the fifth day of the trial.' b'' b'synopsis: government informant kenneth fadeley testified that' b'randy weaver sold him two shotguns in violation of the national' b'firearms act of u.s. district court judge edward lodge' b'asks jurors not to hear accounts of the waco fire because' b'of possible influences on the weaver/harris case.' b'' b'the testimony of fbi special agent greg rampton apparently' b'ended without further incident, as it was mentioned neither' b'by ktvb nor the _idaho statesman_.' b'' b'the day was highlighted by the testimony of kenneth fadeley,' b'who had been posing as an outlaw biker and illegal guns person' b'named gus magiosono. fadeley testified that he was acting as' b'an informant for the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, and firearms' b'in his dealings with randy weaver.' b'' b'fadeley began by stating that he had met weaver in at an' b'aryan nations summer conference in hayden lake, idaho. the two' b'then met again october (note the huge separation in' b'time) at a restaurant in sandpoint, idaho, to begin a weapons' b'transaction. he stated that weaver had said, "he felt like he' b'(weaver) was being prepared to do something dangerous for the' b'white cause."' b'' b'the two later met october behind the restaurant and' b'later went to a city park to make the sale. during this second' b'meeting, fadeley was wearing a small recording device to' b'tape the conversation. weaver allegedly showed him an h&r b'gauge shotgun with a 13-inch barrel and an overall length of' b'19.25 inches. he additionally showed a remington 12-gauge' b'shotgun with a 12.75-inch barrel and an overall length of' b'24.5 inches (nfa requires minimums of inches for barrel' b'length and an overall length of inches). on tape, weaver' b'is reported to have said that he could perform better work once' b'his machine shop is set up. the two then discuss the possibility' b'of future sales. fadeley then counts out three hundred dollars' b'for the two guns and promises the balance of one-hundred fifty' b'dollars when they next meet. (note that the atf could have' b'simply arrested him here. why did they wait until january b'over a year later to arrest him? this is not explained).' b'' b'the next meeting took place on nov fadeley stated that' b'his "source" had only come up with one hundred dollars instead' b"of the one-hundred fifty he'd promised. at this point, weaver" b'suspected he was dealing with an informant, "i had a guy in' b'spokane tell me you were bad." fadeley managed to convince' b'weaver otherwise.' b'' b'the _idaho statesman_ states explicitly that three tapes were' b'made of conversations with randy weaver. thus, each of these' b'meetings must have been recorded. however, the _statesman_ also' b'reported that a tape of a telephone conversation involving vicki' b"weaver (randy weaver's wife) was played to the court. there must" b'have also been phone taps.' b'' b'these tapes were played to the court via both headphones and' b"loudspeakers under the objections of gerry spence, weaver's" b'attorney. spence said to a ktvb reporter that he wanted to' b'make sure that the government proved its case, "...if it has a' b'case at all..." according to the rules.' b'' b'randy weaver tore off his headphones and wept when he heard his' b"wife's voice on the tape." b'' b'u.s. district court judge edward lodge asked jurors not to hear' b'accounts of the waco fire because of possible influences on the' b'weaver/harris case. exactly how such information could affect' b'this trial is not explained.' b'' b'other notes: sunday evening there was a report on ktvb concerning' b'kevin harris. unnamed agents within the fbi admit that they are' b'surprised that kevin harris is still alive. first, they were' b'surprised that he survived the initial gunshot wound(s) sustained' b'in the initial firefight at the y-junction. later, when randy' b'weaver was struck by sniper fire the sniper had reported that' b'harris had been struck (not weaver). finally, there was a report' b'that the fbi agent who killed vicki weaver believed he was aiming' b'at kevin harris instead. (this is what was reported). critics' b'are charging that the fbi was blatantly trying to eliminate the' b'only non-government witness to the deaths of samuel weaver and' b'deputy marshal william degan. some local people believe that' b"harris's survival is simply due to divine intervention." b'' b'tuesday, april will be the sixth day of the trial.' b"kenneth fadeley's testimony is scheduled to continue." b'' 