b'' b'' b'[the original question was about who started the fire and whether the' b'"madmen" were inside or outside the compound. to which i replied on' b'the possible sanity level of those inside and outside.]' b'' b' according to an australian documentary made in the year before the stand off' b' began, koresh and his followers all believed he was christ. koresh' b' had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.' b' these were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of' b' his "magnified horn". ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar' b' to the way jim jones has been described.' b'' b'point noted. have you submitted your faith and sex life for batf clearance?' b'better hurry; i believe the deadline was april b'' b'i paid my taxes. there was no reference to sex or religion on the form.' b'the comments above and below were meant to address who might be unstable' b'enough to keep children in a building with tear gas or start a fire.' b'' b' fbi agents have to pass rigorous psychological examinations and background' b' checks. plus, those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain their' b' decisions in great detail to congress. why would the fbi want to fulfill' b" koresh's own prophecy?" b'' b'and nevertheless, they hit all their marks and read all the scripted lines.' b'well, it sure beats the hell out of me. maybe thoreau had a clue when he' b'said, "it is impossible to make anything foolproof, because fools are so' b'ingenious."' b'' b'i agree that the batf handled the affair badly.' b'' b' :two of the nine who escaped the compound said the fire was deliberately set' b' :by cult members.' b' b' correction: the *fbi* said that two of the cult members said this; so far,' b' no one else has been able to talk to them.' b'' b' so, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same details,' b' will you believe them?' b'' b"believe them? i won't even recognize them. and neither will anyone else" b"who doesn't know them personally." b'' b'do you believe they would put impostors before the national tv cameras?' b'' b'at this point, we are getting conflicting reports from the survivors.' b'best wait til more light is shed upon them. of course, this is no' b'good if you believe in eternal darkness.' b'' b'--' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'' b'' 