b'' b'[ b" \twhy are 'good' neighborhoods 'good' it isn't because every" b' \tperson is armed to the teeth. it is because of attitude' b" \tand cooperation. in the 'good' neighborhoods, the residents" b' \tmake themselves aware of their neighbors and notice when' b" \tstrangers are lurking around. 'good' neighborhoods form groups" b" \tlike 'crime-watch' to increase this effect, and the relative" b' \teffectiveness of the police. when hostiles are arrested, the' b' \tgood neighbors step up and say "that\'s the one officer he' b' \twas robbing mr. jones\' house".' b'' b'sometimes this works. sometimes it just lands your good neighbors' b'on the dance card for the next wave of drive-bys. someone here once' b"told a story about la gangs moving into phoenix. i've misplaced the" b'' b"here'a a copy, cdt:" b'------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'newsgroups: talk.politics.guns,ou.politics' b'path: dg-rtp!psinntp!uunet!sun-barr!ames!haven.umd.edu!darwin.sura.net!wupost!csus.edu!netcom.com!mvp' b'date: thu, sep gmt' b'organization: netcom online communication services guest)' b'lines: b'' b'along the lines of "the armed citizen", here\'s a story that' b"some of you may find amusing. it's a story about arizona" b'house-hunting, from leslie fish, musician and author...' b'' b'----' b" one of the reasons i'm planning to move to arizona is that b'despite its lousy economy, 4-way race problems, simmering religious' b'problems and hopelessly bad government arizona has one of the lowest' b'violent- crime rates in the country. is it just coincidence that' b'arizona is also one of the few remaining no-gun- control states in the' b'country?' b'' b' well, consider this funny story. last time i was in phoenix,' b'staying with liz burnham, i did some checking on the local real-estate' b"market (that's when i discovered that, with my income as provable by" b'my tax returns i can qualify for every low-income housing loan in' b'the book, with the exception of va), and i came across an astonishing' b'ad in the local market-paper. it offered a three-bedroom house in the' b'phoenix area for are you ready for this all of no money' b'down. per month total payments. christ on a harley-davidson! i' b'called up the real-estate office making this offer, made it clear that' b'i was only checking the local market, and asked about that house. were' b'the walls, roof and foundation structurally sound? yes. were the' b'plumbing and electrical systems functional and up to code? yes. did the' b'air-conditioning system (an absolute necessity in phoenix) work? yes,' b'again. okay, so what was wrong with the house? well, it needed lots' b'of plastering, painting, yard work, and some patching of the roof b'and yes, low-interest repair loans were available. okay, sez i. if' b"that's all that's wrong with it, just why are you selling a 3-bedroom" b"house for all of well, squirms the agent, it's in kind of a" b'bad neighborhood. how bad? sez i, remembering some of the neighborhoods' b"i've seen in chicago and oakland. worst in the city, the agent sighs," b'and then he told me this amazing story.' b'' b' every few years, it seems, the big vice-gangs in los angeles notice' b"that there's no gang presence in phoenix which is just a quick" b'5-hour drive from la and get the idea of setting up a subsidiary' b'there. well, a couple years ago, the colonizing force came to this' b'neighborhood it being poor and spanish, they figured they could move' b'right in and take over bought this house and started operations.' b"unfortunately for them, the neighbors not only didn't like this they" b"didn't care for whores trotting up and down their streets all night," b'pimps soliciting their kids, dope- deals on the corners in broad' b"daylight, and so on they weren't afraid to do something about it." b'the neighbors called the cops (for some reason, the phoenix police are' b'remarkably honest, capable, polite and prompt), and the cops promptly' b'came and swept up all the whores, pimps and pushers off the street and' b'away to jail. the remaining gang members decided to retaliate in the' b"fashion they usually use in la; they got the complainant's name and" b'address off the court records, and did a drive-by shooting at his' b"house. well, this wasn't los angeles. the moment the neighbors heard" b'the first gunshots fired, they all ran out their front doors with their' b'own guns rifles, shotguns, pistols, everything and shot back.' b'' b" the car didn't make it to the end of the block. it coasted to a" b'stop, riddled with more holes than the famous bonnie and clyde getaway' b"car (which i've seen; it's on display in a casino in a casino in las" b'vegas). the gas tank and fuel lines had been ruptured, so the car' b'caught fire. the neighbors waited a good minutes making sure' b'nobody got out of that car before they called the fire department to' b'come put out the fire and tow the wreck away. by that time, the asphalt' b'under the car had melted and caught fire too, which subsequently left a' b'large and nasty pot-hole in the street. the city is slow about' b'repairing small streets, so the hole stayed there providing a traffic' b'hazard for several months. all this was two years ago, the agent' b"concluded, and there's been no trouble since, but the house and the" b"neighborhood still have a bad reputation and that's why the house" b'was so cheap.' b'' b' hearing this story, i nearly laughed my ass off. i told the agent' b"that if i had the money at the moment, i'd by-god buy the house; this" b"was _nothing_ compared to bad neighborhoods i'd seen here in" b'california, where drive-by shootings go unchecked by the well-armed' b"cops, let alone by the unarmed neighbors. if that's the absolute worst" b"you'll find in phoenix, then that's the city for me." b'' b" that's the difference that an armed civilian population makes." b'think about it.' b'' b'' b'--' b'mike van pelt when guns are outlawed,' b'------------------------------------------------------------------------' 