b'' b' you are loosing.' b'' b' there is no question about it.' b'' b' of those who vote, your cause is considered an abomination. no matter' b' how hard you try, public opinion is set against the rkba.' b'' b'only irrational fools such as yourself are set against rkba. there are' b'*plenty* of people who support it.' b'' b' this is the end. by the finish of the clinton administration, your' b' rkba will be null and void. tough titty.' b'' b'the government will be overthrown *long* before that happens. a *huge*' b'millitia composed of all available men and women who care about their' b'country will defeat the forces of the evil klintonistas. the people' b'*will* prevail!' b'' b"oh, so you think armed citizens alone can't overthrow the government?" b'consider this: do you think *all* law enforcement officials and members' b'of the armed forces will turn against the people that they are entrusted' b'to serve? not hardly. you can count on a lot of people in the army,' b'marines, air force, navy, national guard, police officers, and so on' b'joining in the cause to defend the liberties and freedoms of american' b'citizens. count on it! the government will not be able to disarm' b'everyone without starting a civil war!' b'' b' you had better discover ways to make do without firearms. the number of' b' cases of firearms abuses has ruined your cause. there is nothing you' b' can do about it. those who live by the sword shall die by it.' b'' b' the press is against you, the public (the voting public) is against' b' you, the flow of history is against you this is it b'' b' surrender your arms. soon enough, officers will be around to collect' b'' b'wrong again. people will just hide their guns so these "officers"' b'(more like jack-booted stormtroopers) will not be able to find them.' b'' b' them. resistance is useless. they will overwhelm you one at a time.' b' your neighbors will not help you. they will consider you more if an' b" immediate threat than the abstract 'criminal'." b'' b"they will unless they are idiots. they will realize that if they don't" b'then they will be *next* including you. believe me if what you describe' b'happens they will be coming for *more* than guns. disarming citizens' b"would require that everyone's cherished freedoms and liberties be" b"suspended temporarily. more likely, they'd never be restored unless the" b'*people* do something about it.' b'' b' too fucking bad. you have gone the way of the kkk. violent solutions' b" are passe'. avoid situations which encourage criminals. then you will" b' be as safe as possible. such as it is b'' b'' b'scott kennedy, brewer and patriot' b'' b'before: "david koresh is a cheap thug who interprets' b'the bible through the barrel of a gun..." --atf spokesman' b'after: "[the atf] is a cheap thug who interprets' b'[the constitution] through the barrel of a gun..." --me' b'' 