b'' b' yea, there are millions of cases where yoy *say* that firearms' b" 'deter' criminals. alas, this is not provable. i think that that" b' there are actually *few* cases where this is so.' b'' b'it certainly is provable. around a million americans every year defend' b"themselves with firearms. in many of these cases the defender doesn't even" b'have to fire a shot! the mere presence of a gun is oftentimes all the' b'deterrent that is needed.' b'' b"i don't like violence anymore than anyone else does. but, taking away the" b'right of americans to keep and bear arms is not the solution to the violent' b'crime problem in this country. if honest, law-abiding citizens are unable' b'to get firearms then they will be preyed on even more by criminals who will' b'be able to acquire guns through illegal channels. expect to start seeing' b'the crime syndicates who smuggle drugs into this country start smuggling' b'guns. believe me this will happen. there is *plenty* of economic' b'incentive for gangsters to illegaly import guns into this country if guns' b'should be banned by the klintonistas.' b'' b' the bulk of firarems are used against unworthy and unnesessary' b' opponents those who posessa a cool jakcet you want, those who' b' would argue with you about a parking space, those who would' b' take your woman. in short, trivial and worthless causes.' b'' b'statistics, por favor?' b'' b' too much of this has ruined you cause. there is no recovery.' b' in the near future, federal martials will come for your arms.' b' no one will help you. you are more dangerous, to their thinking,' b" than the 'criminal'. this is your own fault." b'' b'see my previous post. that ought to set you straight.' b'' b' the 2nd amendment is dead. accept this. find another way.' b'' b'people have the right to keep and bear arms no matter what the' b'constitution says. that means that even if the 2nd amendment is' b"repealed the *people* (that's all american citizens fyi) will *still*" b'have the right to keep and bear arms.' b'' b'' b'scott kennedy, brewer and patriot' b'' b'before: "david koresh is a cheap thug who interprets' b'the bible through the barrel of a gun..." --atf spokesman' b'after: "[the atf] is a cheap thug who interprets' b'[the constitution] through the barrel of a gun..." --me' b'' 