b'' b'first, i would like to say how much i appreciate having so literate and' b'erudite an individual as mr. rutledge with whom to discuss this topic.' b'frankly, most anti-rkba posters refuse even to approach the topic of' b'the original understanding of the bill of rights as detailed in the' b'writings of the era. this is most refreshing.' b'' b'second, i must apologize for leaving the discussion for several days.' b"my brigade's quarterly drill was this weekend and i needed to attend" b'to several matters pertaining to the state militia.' b'' b'some people seem to feel that the concept of the militia is an anachro-' b"nism that is out of place in the 20th century. i'm not sure the swiss" b'would agree and i think perhaps a discussion of how the militia, both' b'organized and unorganized, fits into the defense plans of my state,' b'mississippi. please do not assume that this describes something peculiar' b'to one southern state. for instance, the commonwealth of massachusetts' b'has a well organized militia which, members report, maintains stocks' b'of both riot guns and machine guns. the laws of other states will vary' b'but are probably similar.' b'' b'title of mississippi code defines our militia as "all able-bodied' b'citizens of the state between the ages of seventeen and sixty-' b'two years...". the militia is divided into classes: the national' b'guard, the mississippi state guard and the unorganized militia. the' b'national guard is a strange sort of fish from a constitutional perspective.' b'it tries to be both state militia and federal reserve. the discussion' b'of this "para-constitutional" arrangement is quite interesting in itself' b'but somewhat beyond the scope of this discussion. suffice it that, at this' b'date, the national guard has ceased to have any constitutional standing' b'as anything but a federal reserve force.' b'' b'mississippi, and most other states, maintains a purely state organized' b'militia. in mississippi this is called the state guard. in other' b'states it may be called something else. the state guard exists as' b'a cadre or training corps made up of mostly experienced officers and' b'senior ncos who serve as volunteers without compensation. we drill' b'on a monthly basis at the company and battalion level, brigade once' b'a quarter and have an annual drill of the whole organization. our' b'state-authorized cadre strength is this is a skeleton of an' b'organization without any flesh. the muscle and sinew when needed will' b'come from the unorganized militia.' b'' b'in time of invasion, insurrection or calamity the governor can order' b'the activation of the state guard. when this takes place a call will' b'first be made for volunteers to fill the organization out to either' b'its contingency strength of or full strength of in the' b'event that a sufficient number of people fail to volunteer, the law' b'provides detailed instructions for the conducting of a draft of the' b'unorganized militia. the size of the state guard is not specified by' b'law, but rather by executive order. at one time, the organized militia' b'of mississippi consisted of regiments. needless to say, the state' b'does not have armories brimming with weapons with which to equip such' b'a force. the historical precedent for arming such a force is by use' b'of mostly the private arms of the militiamen.' b'' b'it is my hope that demonstrates that state militias are far from being' b'the long dead anachronisms that some may wish to claim.' b'' b'no, i simple stated that the people have a right to "join a well' b'organized militia." and i have also stated that a militia that' b'meets once or twice a year is clearly "well organized." and this' b'state of readiness that i have claimed the people have a "right"' b'to, is the same state of readiness expected of the militia as stated' b'by hamilton.' b'' b"regarding hamilton: if you take hamilton's opinion as being the sole" b'representative of the opinions of the founding fathers, you will have' b'chosen a highly skewed sample set. hamilton was on the extreme federalist' b'end of the political spectrum. others, such as coxe and henry, can' b'be chosen to represent the other end. many contemporaries felt that' b'the idea of having a standing army of any sort or even a select militia' b'or "train bands" were contrary to the egalitarian nature of the govern-' b'ment they were striving to perfect. the compromise reached was to' b'provide for a small army, which had to be refinanced every two years,' b'and iron-clad protection for the militia, which was to remain ever,' b'"terrible and irresistible".' b'' b'these protections included: state control, not federal; limitation' b'of federal utilization of the militia (i.e. execute laws, suppress' b'insurrections and repel invasions), and the right to keep and bear' b'arms to prevent what the british had tried to do at lexington.' b'these limitations eventually proved so onerous to the federal govern-' b'ment that they were skirted by the creation of the national guard.' b'' b'the national guard was created for one very simple reason: the' b'constitutional militia was had proved too unreliable for fighting' b'wars of imperial expansion. (e.g. spanish-american war). the' b'constitution provided that the militia could only be employed by' b'the federal government in very limited purposes. as far back as the' b'war of militia units had refused to leave united states' b'territory to attack the enemy. further, there was no constitutional' b'authorization for any conscription of anyone into the federal' b'military and militiamen were particularly protected. in all wars until' b'ww-i every american who left the country under arms was a volunteer.' b'when the national guard acts of required that each new' b'member also enlist as a reservest in the army, existing soldiers were' b'"grandfathered". at least one of these "grandfathered" individuals' b'refused to go to france in and his refusal was upheld by the' b'federal courts.' b'' b'mr. rutledge has stated that the second amendment applies only to' b'members of a "well organized" militia. however, the pre-constitutional' b'history of the american militia shows relatively few periods when' b"the militia came close to meeting either messrs. rutledge or hamilton's" b'definition of "well organized". in the period of peace between the' b'french indian war and the revolution many companies simply stopped' b'drilling and had to be reconstituted just prior to the revolution.' b'perhaps mr. rutledge would care to argue that those of my ancestors' b'who answered the lexington alarm had forfeited their rights because' b"their units didn't drill for a few years in the 1760s. i would not" b'be so bold.' b'' b'again, i wish to repeat. the national guard, for all its merits, is' b'not the militia described by the constitution nor by mr. hamilton' b'nor by mr. henry nor by mr. coxe. the fact that the federal government' b'and many states are delinquent in their attentions to and organizing' b'of their constitutional militias diminishes neither their' b'responsibilities nor the rights of the militia as detailed in the' b'constitution.' b'' b'misunderstanding of the nature and purpose of the militia is but one' b'error that has crept into modern readings of the constitution. the' b'constitution prohibits states from keeping "troops or ships of war' b'in time of peace". i have heard some insist this prevents states from' b'maintaining a militia, but this comes about because people today do not' b'understand the meanings of the words in their 18th century usage.' b'today we call any large vessel a "ship" but in the 18th century the word' b'described a particular kind of vessel. a "ship" is a large vessel with' b'three or more masts each carrying square rigged sails. a "brig" has two' b'masts. in the contemporary usage the states were prohibited only from keeping' b"the largest warships of the day, those capable of global operations. today's" b"equivalent might be a prohibition on the states' keeping nuclear missiles." b'"troops" at this time meant a full-time professional military organization.' b'any study of contemporaneous writings will bear this out.' b'' b'in at least one respect, i am in agreement with mr. rutledge; being' b'personally involved in the maintenance and advancement of the militia' b'as a viable means of defense for a modern society, i am frequently' b'both bemused and saddened when friends and associates wax poetic on' b'their place in the unorganized militia and become strangely silent or' b"scarce when invited to attend a drill of their state's militia." b'--' b'donald r. newcomb university of southern mississippi' 