b'' b'writes:' b'arras) writes:' b' writes:' b' i agree that they deserved a trial. they had more than days to come' b' out and get their trial. they chose to keep the children with them and' b' to stay inside. they chose to stay inside even after they were tear' b'gassed.' b' i do not find these actions rational. even noriega was smart enough to' b' give up and go for the trial he deserved.' b' b' b' mr. roby, you are a government sucking heartless bastard.' b'' b' unworthy of comment.' b'' b'but apparently true. my opinion, only, of course.' b'' b'so, your opinion is truth. i see... b'' b' humans died' b' yesterday, humans who would not have died if the fbi had not taken the' b' actions' b' they did. that is the undeniable truth. i cried for them.' b'' b' nor would they have died if they had come out with their hands empty.' b' that is undeniable truth.' b'' b'no, it is not. it is possible the fbi planned for this to happen, and the' b"gunfire heard was the fbi keeping the folks inside. i'm not proposing this as" b'the way it went down, but just to point out that it\'s not "undeniable" that if' b'they walked out yesterday, they would be alive today.' b'' b'you can believe that if you wish. it is undeniable, however, that people' b'have left the compound unharmed and alive earier in the standoff.' b'' b'and since their leader was preaching that they would have an apocalypse, you' b"can not say undeniably that there wouldn't have been a mass suicide if the" b'fbi had simply stayed outside and waited another days.' b'' b' my heart bleeds just as much as yours for' b' the children who were never released given days of ample opportunities' b' to do so. my heart also bleeds for people so blinded by religious devotion' b' to not have the common sense to leave the compound when tanks came up' b' and started dropping in tear gas early in the morning.' b'' b'my heart "bleeds" for no one. you are the "bleeding heart". and i\'m sure' b'beyond any possible doubt that you do not feel for those people as i do. you' b'can not say the heartless things you have said if you did.' b'' b'i am the heartless bleeding heart? you are not making sense.' b'you seem to have no concern that someone would keep children inside this' b'compound when they had days to let them out. that sounds pretty heartless' b'to me.' b'' b"i just heard on the news that some of the survivors regret they hadn't" b'stayed in the inferno to prove their loyalty to koresh. this makes me' b'sad and sick.' b'' b' you seem to say' b' they got what they deserved.' b'' b' i do not think this. however, if they did set the fire (which started in' b' more than one place and spread very quickly), then they got what they' b' wanted and put into motion themselves.' b'' b'"they got what they wanted". what kind of creature are you that you can' b'believe this?' b'' b'have you ever heard of jonestown?' b'the sad thing is the people inside the compound were the authority' b'worshipers and their only authority was koresh/howell. if these' b'people were able to think for themselves, there would likely be a lot' b'more survivors today. koresh preached a fiery apocalypse as early as' b'last year.' b'' b' i see the batf is going to be investigated by the justice dept. and likely' b' by arlen spectre and congress. this is good. they have bungled the affair' b' from the start.' b'' b'we agree on this. now lets have your god, the fbi, investigated, too.' b'' b'by all means, the fbi should be investigated, too.' b'btw, i thought the second ammendment was god. b'' b' jim' b' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'' b'' 