b'' b'\tsuspended police officer arrested in revenge triple homicide' b'' b'providence, r.i. (ap) a police officer afraid he would be fired for' b'allegedly assaulting a teen-ager walked into an auto body shop wher the youth' b'worked, said "you\'re going to die" and fatally shot him and two others, police' b'said.' b'a fourth youth was wounded. a fifth escaped injury by hiding under a car.' b'suspended police officer robert sabetta, of cranston, was arrested at' b"gunpoint over three hours after the shooting at wilson's auto enterprises in" b'foster, a rural town of about people in northwest rhode island.' b'\t\t\t\t\t\tdoug holland' b'' b'i think i have updated info on this. my understandingis that' b'former officer cranston approached a teenager who was being questioned' b'by another officer. officer cranston struck teenager a in the head' b'with a heavy police flashlight, causing a significant, though not' b'life-threatening. there is no evidence that teenager a was' b'doing anything threatening at the time. teenager a was released' b'on bail/recognizance and filed a formal complaint against officer' b'cranston. the police chief suspended cranston pending an' b'investigation into the use of excessive force.' b'the above is pretty clear... but what seems to have' b"happened is this. the chief requested cranston's gun, but cranston" b"refused to turn it over until the chief went the cranston's home" b'to get it. sources said cranston had always wanted to be' b'a cop and was very afraid of loosing his job because of the complaint' b'against him.' b'a few days afterward, cranston allegedly walked into' b"wilson's garage, where teenager a and friends were known to" b'hang out and work on cars as a hobby. cranston fatally shot' b'teenager a as well as teenagers b and c. teenager d was shot once' b'in the shoulder/chest. teenager e was working under the car' b'and was not noticed by officer cranston. teenager d went to a home' b"and summoned police, who went to wilson's garage and found the" b'3 corpses and one unscathed survivor.' b'' b'a few days after his arrest, officer cranston attemped' b'to commit suicide in his cell.' b'-case kim' b'' b'' b'' 