b'' b'if one reasons that the united states of america at one time represented' b'and protected freedom individual liberty and personal responsibility b'(and i do, in fact, think that this is true) and that totalitarianism b"absolute government control and tyranny represents freedom's opposite" b'(which it does), did the usa really win the cold war?' b'' b'standard disclaimers always apply!' b'' b'----------------' b'graham k. glover' b'----------------' b'' b'the cold war has not ended. the only thing that has happened is that' b'the two sides have exchanged roles.' b'' b'the usa has a higher imprisonment rate per population)' b'than any country in europe by a factor of or so. in california,' b'it is over per population. the prison population in' b'california is now over a quadrupling since most of' b'these inmates were convicted under the drug prohibition laws. police' b'now confiscate property, without trial, under a "good faith probable' b'cause" standard, in the name of depriving the horrible ghastly drug' b'dealers of their ill-gotten gains. conduct an opinion poll, and a' b'majority will answer "yes" if you ask them whether civil liberties and' b'due process should be diluted in order to send our young people the' b"message that we are serious about winning the war on drugs. i don't" b'know whether anyone has measured such a figure among gun owners, but' b'i would expect the same result. they certainly seem to vote that way.' b'' b"according to jack herer's book _the emperor wears no clothes_, over" b'twelve million years of prison time have been served under the' b'marijuana prohibition laws, by people who were minding their own' b'business and causing no harm to others (and less harm to themselves' b'than users of tobacco, with confirmed kills/year). under' b'the "war on drugs" campaign of "zero tolerance" due process protections' b'have eroded, and mandatory sentences of ten years without parole have' b'proliferated. by and large, gun owners have voted for the politicians' b'who favor such measures. and now, all the precedents--not only' b'legal, but political: "my fellow americans, we must send our young' b'people the message that we are serious about winning the war on' b'murder"--are going to be applied to the oncoming wave of gun' b'prohibition laws. gun owners are about to get a taste of the medicine' b'they voted for believing it would be used only on those with different' b'tastes in recreational drugs.' b'' b'what goes around comes around.' b'' b'' b"alan t. furman don't blame me i voted libertarian" b'---------------------------+----------------------------------------' 