b'' b':' b':according to an australian documentary made in the year before the stand off' b':began, koresh and his followers all believed he was christ. koresh' b':had sex with children and women married to other men in the compound.' b':these were the "perfect children" resulting from the "great seed" of' b':his "magnified horn". ex-members describe him in ways not dissimilar' b':to the way jim jones has been described.' b'' b"i don't know how accurate the documentary was;" b'' b'the documentary interviewed koresh and current and ex-members.' b'the documentary disucussed koresh\'s "christ" status inside the cult,' b'cult brain-washing techniques, and unusual sex practices (the leader' b"gets any he wants, and tells others when they can or can't). i will let" b'others decide if using religious authority to have sex with a minor is' b'technically child abuse or not.' b'' b'however, koresh was never' b'convicted of any crimes against children, nor was the batf after him for' b'child abuse.' b'their purview (in this case) is strictly in firearms violations,' b'' b'all true.' b'' b'so this information is irrelevant to the discussion.' b'' b'well, if a fire was deliberately set by members of the cult, then the' b'history and background of the cult is very relevant. the history' b'and backgournd of the jones cult was very important in understanding' b'what happened at jonestown.' b'' b"not taking into account the history and background of koresh's cult may" b'also help explain why the fbi and batf so badly predicted the reponses' b'they would get from inside the compund nearly every step of the way in' b'this badly handled affair.' b'' b':fbi agents have to pass rigorous psychological examinations and background' b':checks. plus, those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain their' b':decisions in great detail to congress. why would the fbi want to fulfill' b":koresh's own prophecy?" b'' b'those in charge will undoubtedly have to explain *something*, but whether' b'their answers even remotely resembles the truth we may never know. and who' b'is left alive to care whether the prophecy is fulfilled? it only holds' b'meaning for the nine who survived.' b'' b'it is likely that there will be at least two investigations (jd and congress)' b'at this point.' b'' b':correction: the *fbi* said that two of the cult members said this; so far,' b':no one else has been able to talk to them.' b':' b':so, when they talk to the news reporters directly, and relate the same' b':details, will you believe them?' b'' b'*if* they confirm the story, i probably will. definitely not until then,' b'however.' b'' b'interesting and conflicting details are starting to come out. i have' b'reverted back to wait mode to find out whether the fire was intentional' b'or accidental and how it started and why it spread so fast.' b'' b'' b'mike ruff' b'--' b'' b'' b'--' 