b'' b'' b'you believe that individuals should have the right to own weapons of' b'mass destruction? i find it hard to believe that you would support a' b"neighbor's right to keep nuclear weapons, biological weapons, and nerve" b'gas on his/her property.' b'' b'\tthat really depends upon where you draw the line while defining' b'these weapons,' b'' b'this means you would support a ban if it were narrow enough. good.' b'' b'and also on if you intend the law to be reflective of' b'modern practice five months or five centuries down the road.' b'' b"i would hope so. let's define a nuclear weapon as an explosive weapon" b'whose majority of energy comes from fission and/or fusion of atomic' b"nuclei. let's define a biological weapon as live organisms or viruses" b'in such state, quantity, and with such a vector that they could cause' b'death or serious disease [further defined] to a significant number of' b'people if released in a city, similarly populated area, resevoir, or' b'cropland.' b'' b'' b'nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined. other poisonous' b'gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there' b'is no use not related to weaponry. licenses should be available for' b'research purposes on such chemicals.' b'' b'i am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for' b'definitions.' b'' b"i'll give" b"you a little hint: see that manure pile in the farmer's field down the" b'road? in the usa, that is a weapon of mass destruction,' b'' b'nope. it is not considered a weapon.' b'' b'biological in' b'nature, because if it gets washed into an open well it will contaminate' b'the aquifers that supply thousands of cities with drinking water. so,' b'where do *you* draw the line? in the usa, the epa has ruled that' b'a pile of scrap iron is illegal. care to draw a thinner line this time?' b'' b'it is not defined as a weapon of mass destruction. many things are' b'banned for other reasons.' b'' b"< isu only censors what i read, not what i say. don't blame them. b'' b'' b'--' b'doug foxvog' 