b'' b'' b'(frank crary) writes:' b"the idea of the card is bull in and of its self, but i'm curious to know," b'do' b'they plan on making it a requirement to *always* have it on you, or is it' b'only going to be required to be *presented* when trying to ge medical aid?' b'' b'this, at least, has already been determined: the blue cross medical' b'coverage for all federal employees is a good model for a future' b'national system. to get emergency medical care, anyone so insured' b'must always carry their blue cross card. before entering a hospital,' b'you must notify blue cross, or they will refuse to pay your bills.' b'in an emergency, where you must be treated before notifying them,' b'you must inform them within hours or (if you are unable to do' b'so for medical reasons) the hospital must. failing to do so within' b'24 hours means they will not cover the hospitalization. in you need' b'your card to notify them (and without the card, the hospital certainly' b"wouldn't know they had to.) therefore, you are required to carry" b'the card at all times, or do without emergency medical coverage.' b'' b' which works fine until you end up in the hospital because you were hit on' b'the' b' head and your wallet, with your insurance card, is stolen. this happened to' b' me, and it took six months to sort the mess out. these sorts of plans sound' b' nice at first, but in the end they just create a lot of paperwork and' b' bureaucracy to deal with all the checking and filing they involve.' b'' b' tom the non hacker' b'' b'whoa! have a care what you say, tom. the _obvious_ answer to that problem' b'is to tatoo your national i.d. number on you say, your forearm so you' b'can never leave home without it. hell, it worked once before...' b'' b"and that brings us back to my original, sarcasm-laden post: where's the" b'outcry from the liberal sector over the national id card? my god, if some' b'conservative had proposed this plus clinton\'s "national police" proposal' b'-- the liberals would be shrieking "sieg heil!" and "police state"!' b'' b'you self-styled liberals ought to be ashamed of yourselves. hypocrites!' b'' b"i don't know what you watch, but i saw a spokesman for the aclu voice" b'opposition to this idea on nbc the very first night.' b'' b'' b'' 