b'' b'' b'what happened in waco is not the fault of the batf. if they would of' b'had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the' b'compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.' b'' b"if they'd gone to the door and knocked on it to serve the" b'warrant, like the sheriff had done other times, they' b"wouldn't have needed to have an initial assault. but then," b"herr klinton and attorney gen'l reno wouldn't have been" b'able to have told such heroic stories about how they' b'"protected" the rest of us from a group of people who' b'kept to themselves, miles out in the prairie.' b'' b'the batf needs more people, better weapons and more armored' b'transports. when they meet hostile fire they should be able to use' b'more force instead of retreating to a stand off. if you are going to' b'do a job then do it right. the batf is there to protect us and they' b'must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.' b'' b'the batf needs to be disbanded. this out of control group' b'of rambo wannabees is a danger to the republic.' b'' b'with the wod and the increased crime in the streets the batf is needed' b'more now then ever. if they blast away a few good fokes then that is' b'the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country.' b'' b"well, i figure you're going to get flamed pretty badly by" b"everybody else for this incredibly stupid statement, so i'll" b'just let it pass for now.' b'' b'case western reserve, huh? do the feds know about that big' b'stockpile of automatic weapons and crack you have in your' b'house? are you the same daniel oldham that lives on orchard' b'drive? just so they get the address right, that is...' b'' b'look' b'at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country' b'of ours.' b'' b"well, it used to be a great country. now i'm not so sure." b'i knew a few of those good people who died in wars; i was' b'in viet nam. i can assure you, none of us fought to protect' b'the right of the government to attack its own citizens with' b'military force without provocation. (hint: serving a search warrant' b'is not sufficient provocation to stage a military style assault' b'on a religious group. at least not here in the us. maybe in' b'iraq, or syria...)' b'' b'with the arms build up in waco they needed to hit that compound with' b'mega fire power. they could of gone in there blasting and killed a few' b'women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn' b'to death days later.' b'' b'this is a joke, right? or are they really letting fools like' b"you into cwru now? too bad. used to be a good school. how'd you" b'get in anyway, did your old man buy a new wing for the library?' 