b'' b' yeah, as information trickles in... funny how that works...' b' b" funny, yeah, funny how you didn't wait for the fbi spokesdroid" b' latest reversal of "facts" before proclaiming the bd\'s burned' b' themselves to death.' b'' b" if you won't believe anything the government says, and the press" b' is not reliable according to the same logic, then what do you base' b' your statements on? wild speculation laced with a healthy dose' b' of paranoia?' b'' b'funny, brent, but so far we have heard two versions of the "facts:"' b'' b'1) what the government says. this includes what the government says that' b' two survivors have said.' b'' b"2) what koresh's lawyer (who was actually inside the compound) says," b' including what he says that most of the survivors have said.' b'' b'strange, but they seem to disagree in most important particulars.' b'' b'if anyone has actually seen news reports of any of the survivors' b'speaking first-hand, feel free ot pitch in. i may have missed it.' b'but my money is that their story will sound a hell of a lot like' b'case and not at all like case b'' b'since neither side would be particularly interested in telling the truth,' b"you have to weigh the 'facts' given by each yourself, and weigh it with" b'the newsreporting if you care.' b'' b'many cult members will probably side with the attorney, and if he' b'is lying, change their stories to match his. and if the feds also' b'lie, the cult members who become disillusioned will change their' b'stories to match the feds.' b'' b'neither sides are interested in the truth. the media is more interested,' b"but usually either don't have the time to get it straight or tie themselves" b'to the ratings and deliberately distort.' b'' b'for me, though, the black soot billowing outside the compound added with' b'how fast the fire spread ponted to *someone* dousing large parts of the' b'compound with some sort of gasoline or fire-starter. i doubt the feds' b'did that as they were more interested in arresting vernon. the real' b'unbalanced one (at least the one that lost his cool) was vernon, so' b'i figured that he was more likely to do it (after all he was jesus' b'being persecuted by the authorities, and had followers to hold onto,' b'so made the decision. he and his followers also probably felt that they' b'were rocketing to heaven by doing this stuff). thsi conclusion, i came' b'to after umpteen million hours of listening to npr and other radio' b'shows (i always have the radio going when i am in my office on some' b'innocuous talk-show or news program as background noise).' b'' b'' b'--' b'<<<<<<<<<< personal opinions? why, b'<<<<<<<<<< they were?....... 