b'' b'' b" david koresh's lawyer seemed to think that everyone *would* come out" b' peacefully sooner or later. the fbi and atf had nothing but time on' b' their hands! why did they have to escalate the situation and cause' b' this senseless tragedy? their job is to protect the public and save' b' lives not kill people for crying out loud.' b'' b' \tkoresh had lied and lied and lied about coming out of the' b' \tcompound. to the fbi. to his lawyer. to just about everyone.' b'' b'i keep hearing this, but every assertion of this form has come from' b'government sources except two. as far as i am concerned, i am not' b'ready to stipulate that koresh ever promised to come out except for' b'his first promise and his last promise.' b'' b'the first promise was conditional on his audio tape being given' b'national exposure. well, it never was it was broadcast locally,' b"in a chopped-up fashion, and that's all. and even then, they cleverly" b'cut it off when it got to the part where he demanded "national exposure,"' b"but not so cleverly that we didn't hear it." b'' b'the last promise was conditional on the finishing of his manuscript.' b"we'll never know if he would have kept that one." b'' b" \tthe fbi etc. can't wait forever for koresh to come out. as" b" \tlong as they thought that koresh's intended to surrender" b' \tpeacefully. when they lost hope in that, they decided to go' b' \tin.' b'' b'strangely enough, the previous day they said they were prepared to' b'"wait as long as it takes."' b'' b'\tfurther, while the mondays tactics were silly and clumsy,' b'\tthey were obviously intended to drive the davidians out of the' b' \tcompound, not to kill koresh and his followers.' b'' b'quite possible. but arguments of intent do not mark the dividing' b'line between guilt and innocence only the line between murder and' b'negligent manslaughter.' b'' b' \t*if* it is true. *i* read in the paper that the government' b' \tlistening devices inside the compound picked up orders to' b" \tburn the joint down shortly before the fire was started. i'm" b' \twaiting to see what the tapes really hold.' b'' b'this would be an interesting development.' b'' b' \tthe davidian may be telling the truth, or he may be lying' b' \tto save his skin from possible murder charges resulting from' b" \tthe blaze. koresh's lawyer, being the attorney for at least" b' \tone surviving davidian, has an interest in claiming that' b" \tthe gov't caused the fire, at least as much as the gov't" b" \thas an interest in blaming koresh for the fire. it's the" b" \tphysical evidence that will decide who's telling what." b'' b'it\'s too tempting for one or more of the survivors to "go state\'s' b'evidence," parrot the fbi story, hang the whole "suicide" on koresh,' b'claim they only stayed at gunpoint, etc. if any of them do this' b"in the next few weeks, it doesn't prove much; but if none of them" b'do, it would be a strong indication to me that the fbi story is' b'dead wrong.' b'--' b'' b'' 