b'' b'' b'|question b'' b'|as i understand it, in evanston, il, they have a ordinance banning handguns.' b'|is there any way to get around this provision?' b'' b"why don't you call the city and ask? oak park also has an illegal handgun" b'ban as well, but does allow those with a "collectors ffl" to possess' b'("collectible?") handguns.' b'' b'|what would the penalty if you were found out be?' b'' b'probably a fine in practical terms.' b'' b'|what if you used said handgun in a defensive shooting in your apartment' b'|there? how would the city law apply to your impending' b'|trial for the shooting?' b'' b"it wouldn't impede your defense at all. there was an actual incident" b'in oak park where a gas station owner engaged in a shootout with a' b'handgun; the grand jury decided not to presecute. on the other hand,' b'a black man used an illegally owned handgun in oak park to defend' b'himself, and the village tried to make an example out of him. an nra' b'director who lived there made a stink about this, and it was decided' b'not to charge the guy. of course, pissing off anti-gun police thugs' b"has it's own drawbacks, like when the oak park police chief came to his" b'house, and told him: "this is stepping over the line; this could get' b'dangerous for you." whereupon the few black oak park police officers' b'watched over his house to ensure that the white anti-gun police chief' b"and his anti-gun cronies wouldn't f*ck with him, his home or family." b'' b'|also, what is il state law concerning short barreled weapons? short barreled' b'|shotgun is what i would be interested in if a handgun were not available,' b'|either that or a shortened 9mm carbine (ie colt, marlin).' b'' b'l.v. cipriani states that the "any other weapon" category is allowed,' b'but the exact relationship between an ithaca auto-burgular, which i' b'believe is in the "any other weapon" category and a chopped barrel' b'h&k hk-94 (class for sure) is not clear to me...' b'' b'|one more thing, what is the chance of getting a ccw permit in il without being' b'|rich or famous or related to the mayor?' b'' b'in your dreams, buddy. as long as democrats reign in chicago, illinois' b'residents will always be disarmed and helpless in the streets. politicians' b'get around this by provisions in the law that allow them to carry' b'concealed weapons. voters in chicago are too stupid to vote these a**holes' b'out of office; because the dems are always in power, the illinois' b"supreme court is always tilted to the democratic party's views on guns." b'[all candidates supported by political consultant david axelrod are' b'anti-gun, which explains anti-rkba crook county states attorney' b'jack(ass) o\'malley being a so-called "republican."]' b'' b'get rid of the chicago democrats, get rid of their members on the il' b'judiciary, and you got a fighting chance of a preemption law and a ccw' b'law...' 