b'' b'' b"where did you hear about the thermal imaging? i haven't heard this yet" b"(not that i doubt it, i'm just looking for sources...)" b'' b'this was reported in canadian papers thursday, april i _think_ the' b"source was upi, but don't recall for certain." b'' b'it seems to me that if they did have this kind of info, they could' b'broadcast it and it would resolve (or at least help to resolve) alot' b"of doubt in people's minds." b'' b'personally, the way the (fbi/batf/reno/etc) is claiming all sorts of' b'things without offering one shred of proof (other than their "good word")' b'is very suspicious to me. a picture is worth a thousand words...' b'' b'i understand that at least two goverment investigations have been ordered,' b'so we may learn more during their hearings.' b'' b'i sincerely hope you are right and it turns out (with indisputable' b'proof broadcast across our land) that the government groups had nothing' b'to do with the fire. but until i see such proof, i think it is just as' b'likely that a tank did knock over a lantern as koresh torching the place.' b'the only "evidence" i have seen is a tank crashing through the front' b'wall, withdrawing, and seconds later flames are seen (the first flames' b'on the video) erupting from this very same spot. coincidence? perhaps.' b'' b'tough call without more investigation, but if the thermal imaging story' b'holds up, i think the government will be more credable... of course,' b"paranoia fans won't believe their results anyway, will they?" b'' b'if such proof exists, the government should publish it and put all this' b'speculation to rest.' b'' b"hear, hear! i'd also like to see the autopsy reports confirm news reports" b'that multiple victims were found shot (in the head), and in positions' b'inconsistent with fire victims. it is simply too early to draw conclusions' b'either way about this nasty incident, but i tend to believe the government' b'side.' b'' b'--' b"the old frog's almanac a salute to that old frog hisse'f, ryugen fisher" b'(604) (v32) (2400x4) sco xenix gt' b'ladysmith, british columbia, canada. serving central vancouver island' b'with public access usenet and internet mail home to the holocaust almanac' 