b'' b'' b'the following is quoted from the tail end of a (rather condescending)' b'article about paxton quigley, that appeared in us snooze and world lies,' b'(sorry... i think it was in the wall street journal...)' b"and was repeated in the colorado (people's) daily, a student newspaper" b'at the university of colorado at boulder.' b'' b'"a study of residential gunsot deaths in king county, wash., found that' b'a gun in the home was times more likely to be used to kill its owner,' b'^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^' b'' b'spouse, a friend, or child than to kill an intruder.' b'' b'the "used to kill" is the heart of the misinformation. it\'s one' b'of those technically accurate phrasings that conveys the wrong impression.' b"what mr. quiqley is more than aware of, i'm sure, is that when people" b'read this they think violent arguments where one member of the family' b'grabs a gun and shoots another, thereby creating a tragic situation' b'which could easily have been avoided had the gun not been there, or' b'a tragic accident, especially involving a child.' b'' b"unfortunately, that's not the way things stack up. the majority" b'of that "times" i believe) are suicides. that is, someone' b'intentionally took a firearm and shot themselves intending to kill' b"themselves. and why it's popular to try and blame suicides on guns," b"the evidence doesn't support this. internal studies, as well as" b'comparative studies with other countries, indicate that cultural' b'factors far outweigh whether a person will kill themselves or not.' b'(japan, for instance, has a slightly higher rate than the u.s. there' b'people jump off buildings.)' b'' b'according to the national crime survey, of violent crime' b'is commited by "non-strangers," which mistakenly has been generalized' b'regarding the king county study to mean, "friends and family." that' b'is, mr. quigley, and others who quote this statistic, are banking on' b'the mental image that a "friend, family member, or child," equates' b'to a loving relationship, and that it was cut short in a moment of' b'anger. unfortunately, all too often husbands beat and kill wives,' b'children assault parents, or vice-versa. most rapes are commited by' b'someone known to the victim, for instance. essentially, that a gun' b'was used against a "friend" or family member doesn\'t mean they' b"weren't trying to hurt the other person. crime is highest among" b'poor urban families, and those are also the areas most "at risk"' b'for family problems, especially violent ones. a son in a gang may' b'not be as loving toward his parents if they disapprove than a suburban' b'kid might.' b'' b'finally, it hinges on the fallacy that a dead intruder is the' b'only value of a self-defense firearm. using the minimum figures i' b'worked out using the ncs i got about an ratio between deadly' b'self-defenses (justifiable homicides) and with-gun self-defenses.' b"between the fbi uniform crime report and the ncs there's an enormous" b'amount of data and anybody with the calculator can crunch the numbers.' b'as such it is incorrect to assume that a dead body is the only valid' b'means of determining the success of such a defense, since according' b'to the ncs (which has been considered by many to seriously under-report' b'defenses) there were far more successful with-gun defenses than intruders' b'killed.' b'' b'not it also confines itself to the home, where attack by a "friend' b'or family member" is far, far more likely, and excludes any defense' b'which occurs outside the home. (i believe a large number occur in' b'businesses.)' b'' b'studies by the' b'western psychiatric institute, in pittsburgh, found that the mere presence' b'of a gun in the home sharply incresases the likelihood a family member' b'will commit suicide, even in the absence of psychiatric illness."' b'' b"i have not seen the exact data for this, so i can't comment. i" b"will point out canada's and japan's suicide rate as indications that" b'culture far more than firearm availability affect suicide rates.' b'' b'there was also a comparative study between canada (for what' b"it's worth, considering the difficulty of comparing across cultural" b'lines) published in the new england journal of medicine (i can get the' b'exact cite if you need it) that concluded that restrictive firearm laws' b'would not significantly impact the over-all suicide rate.' b'' b'------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'david veal univ. of tenn. div. of cont. education info. services group' b"your pushed me down the elevator shaft; i'm beginning to think you don't" b'love me anymore." "weird al"' 