b'' b'' b'in a previous article, says:' b'' b'"freed om of religion" has absolutely nothing to do with building a small' b'arsenal and grooming 10-year old children to be your wife. "i\'ll come out' b'as soon as i finish my manuscript on the seven seals." oh, ok, david.' b'' b'' b'interesting that janet reno has publically announced that' b'we need steal ourselves for more wacos. i wonder if i can' b'get the gasoline concession.' b'' b'' b'i agree that koresh was as much of a victim as a perpetrator; this because' b'he grew up inside the cult, and engaged in a power struggle where his' b'supporters helped inflate his ego.' b'' b'' b'yup. kill that bastard!' b'' b'' b'this was no move fuck-up. a helicoptor was thermal-imaging the compound' b'' b'' b'' b'ah, yes. the illegal helicopter, searchign for the non-existent' b"pcp lab. i remember it well, even if the media and y'all tell" b"me i don't. call me winston." b'' b'that afternoon and detected three fires erupting almost simultaneously.' b'there were no cs canisters... a specially modified abrams was pupming the' b'' b'' b'ahhh, yes. the "non-existent" canisters. call me winston again.' b'' b'' b'stuff in. no chance of starting a fire there. kerosene lamps? maybe one,' b"but not three fires. no way. koresh wasn't just talking out of his ass. i" b'expected this to happen.' b'' b'i did too, but for different reasons. the fbi has a habit of burning' b'up people in fortified areas.' b'' b'' b'maybe they wanted it to look like murder. he had days. i think this was' b"coming the whole time. he didn't even put the children in the buried bus or" b'the underground bunker during the cs seige. he put them up into the tower' b'to die. fuck all of you "big brother" paranoid freaks. the only good thing' b'to come of any of this is that there will be one less group of crazoids to' b'attract some of the more rootless members of our society.' b'' b'' b'yup. good. dead. yeah! maybe janet will do some more, just' b"like she's promis, er, warned us about." b'' b"like i told y'all before. i would seriously consider the following:" b'' b'get your passport in order now.' b'consider overseas options for your savings.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' 