b'' b'' b"i'm putting together a list of the civil rights violations perpetrated against" b"the davidians by the fbi/batf. here is what i've got so far. care to add" b'any or provide more backup info?' b'' b'first amendment:' b'1) fbi/batf violated davidians right to free exercise of religion from the' b'start. we now have a de facto precident against any minority religion.' b'2) fbi/batf violated bd right to free speach by:' b'a preventing them to speak to media' b'b preventing them from practicing their beliefs' b'3) fbi/batf violated the freedom of the press by:' b'a keeping them miles from the davidians' b'b preventing the media to cover the fbi/batf actions close-up' b'c censoring media reports' b"4) fbi/batf violated the bd's right to peaceable assemble" b'a proven by initial baseless assault' b'' b'second amendment:' b'1) the batf went after them because they had too many guns and guns that the' b"fbi/batf didn't approve of. 'nuff said." b'' b'fourth amendment:' b'1) the right of the bd\'s to be "secure in their persons, houses, papers, and' b'effects against unreasonable searches and seizures" was violated by:' b'a initial baseless assault' b'' b'fifth amendment:' b'1) the davidians were "held to answer for a capital or otherwise infamous' b'crime" without a "presentment or indictment by a grand jury."' b'2) the davidians were "deprived of life, liberty, and property without due' b'process of law.' b'' b'sixth amendment:' b'1) the accused were denied the right to "a speedy and public trial by an' b'impartial jury" when the fbi became judge, jury and executioner.' b'2) the bd\'s were never informed of the specific "nature anad cause of the' b'accusation."' b'' b'eighth amendment:' b'1) the davidians suffered cruel and unusual punishment when:' b'a the fbi cut off the water to the ranch' b'b the fbi used psy-war (loudspeakers broacasting the screams of' b'dying rabbits and tibetian chants)' b'c the fbi prevented family members from contacting their family' b'inside the ranch.' b'd the fbi used tear-gas against them (especially the children)' b'e the fbi burned the ranch down.' b'f thoes who escaped were imprisoned without bail without a hearing.' b'' b'anything i miss?' b'' b'--pv' 