b'' b'' b' oh, then, i guess that shooting those kind of babies is all right.' b' you sick bastard.' b'' b' why thanks for your reply to my post. by the way, i never, never ever said' b' that it was right to shoot "those kind" of babies.' b'' b"let's go to the videotape. here's exactly what you posted:" b'' b' this is murder!' b' atf murderers! butchers!!' b'' b' flame on!!' b' is this guy serious????' b' if he would ever really pay attention to the news (oops i forgot that the media' b' for the most part loves to jump right on top of a story before all the facts' b' are known, as well as to manipulate what we see and thus what we believe).' b" any ways one of koresh's devoted followers that did i repeat did survive this" b' "genocidal mass-slaughter of innocent people". besides there are nine' b' survivors in the burn-unit of the local hospital and was reported that david' b' was in one of the towers when the shit hit the fan. besides, a majority of' b' these children were children that he was supposed to have been the father of,' b' this then makes them bastard children to a sacraligious zeloit (sp). also' b" someone should have told david and his followers that if they can't the heat" b' then they should stay out of the kitchen!! (pun intended)' b'' b'so if you weren\'t saying that the deaths of "bastard children of a sacreligious' b'zealot" was no big thing (and i know i am not the only one who read it that' b'way), just what the hell were you saying?' b'' b' however it was the branch' b' davidian people in there that insisted on staying there with their "savior"' b' (yeah right budy boy) because he had brain-washed them into believing that' b' what ever he says is the truth, even if means that they are to give up their' b" lives for <<<<his cause. therefore it is davids fault and not the atf's" b' who gave them to days to get out, this was days to many for me and' b' for many of the rest of the u.s.' b'' b'so who brainwashed you into believing that whatever the government says it' b'the truth? or that koresh was any actual threat to you and the rest of the' b"us? haven't you ever stopped to wonder why the government raided this farm?" b'this raid was not about religion, sex, or child abuse. to the best available' b'evidence at the moment, this raid, psychological torture, and group death was' b"about koresh's failure to pay a tax on one grenade launcher that he may" b"or may not even have had! that's why it was the batf doing the raiding in the" b'first place.' b'' b'do you think a tax evasion justifies an armed assault by the government' b'with armed men in trailers, orchestrated character assassination, noise' b'torture, and a holocaust?' b'' b' i am however sad to hear of the death of any' b' child unlike the sick bastard i supposedly am.' b'' b'then think before you post.' b'--' b'' b'' 