b'' b'' b"for those who didn't figure it out, the below message was a reply to another" b'in sci.crypt, for which the poster put t.p.g. in the followup-to line. i' b"didn't notice that. apologies to those who were confused." b'' b'the substance makes little sense unless one reads the prior messages.' b'' b"however, i don't wish to enter into this discussion here, as it will be yet" b'another rehearsal of a long-tired set of arguments. suffice it to say that i' b'disagree both with the interpretation of "well-regulated" in the second' b'amendment offered by gun lovers, and what i think to be their distortion of' b'the same phrase in the associated federalist papers. my webster and my' b'reading of the language convinces me that the word meant both under control,' b"and disciplined, and not 'of good marksmanship'. i think the latter a" b'special interest pleading. no one has yet shown a contemporateous reference' b'in which "well regulated" unambiguously meant \'of good marksmanship\', and' b'not under control/disciplined, etc.' b'' b'thus i continue to believe the second amendment is a militia clause and not' b"an 'arming everyone' clause. others are welcome to disagree (as i know many" b'do) and little would be served by rehashing this topic in this particular' b'forum.' b'' b"to avoid flames, or unproductive rehashings, i note that i've come in here" b"to post this one message, just to clarify the one below. i'm now outta here" b"again though i'm available via e-mail." b'' b'david' b'' b'sternlight) writes:' b'' b'' b'though i agree this is not the place to discuss guns, i note in passing that' b'a number of gun apologists seem to have ignored the words "well regulated"' b'in their distorted interpretations of the second amendment.' b'' b'david' b'--' b'david sternlight great care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of' b' our information, errors and omissions excepted.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'david sternlight great care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of' b'our information, errors and omissions excepted.' b'' b'' 