b'' b'what i would like to see is some serious discussion of this incident. i' b'believe the moves made were right and proper, but i still have some problems' b'with some of the tactics. after watching the abc special on it tonight, as' b'well as cnn and nightline, i question some of the atf and fbi actions.' b'' b'my god, a sane person! somebody asking intelligent questions rather' b'than spouting of unsubstantiated drivel and making comparisons to nazi' b'germany. i question, along with others, the initial raid by the atf.' b'there are some definite questions needing answers.' b'' b'1) could it have been possible to have taken koresh outside the compound at' b'some time before the feb. 28th raid?' b'' b'probably. which is why there are so many people angry at the' b'initial confrontation. why attack a compound with as many people in that' b'compound who are willing to die for their leader? further, they attacked' b'in the daylight hours without proper backup, medical support, etc. that' b'was rather stupid...' b'' b'2) could a further wait have resulted in a different outcome.' b'' b"this i doubt. while i question the atf's initial raid, i believe" b'that the remainder of the standoff was handled fairly well with the single' b'exception of the psychological "warfare" by blaring music, etc. i think' b'that was uncalled for and probably hindered the outcome.' b'' b'3) were fbi actions (blaring loudspeakers, etc.) the "right" course of action?' b'' b'see above...' b'' b'and a few other questions. like i said, i believe the actions taken, in' b'general, were proper. but i still have some reservations.' b'' b'agreed.' b'' b"one other point, i'm no fan of janet reno, but i do like the way she had the" b'"balls" to go ahead and take full responsibility. seems like the waffle boy' b'had problems figuring out just where he stood on the issue.' b'' b'which is actually rather refreshing nowadays. most of the time, the' b'higher-ups claim "i don\'t remember..." or "i had no involvement..." b'' b'--' b'michael g. larish amateur radio callsign: kd6ctz' b'california state chico state amateur radio society (csars)' b"university, chico butte county sheriff's search rescue 