b'' b'no surrender!' b'delivered by lenda jackson at the rkba rally in denver, april b'' b'it is a fact of modern life that urban residents, particularly women, feel' b'threatened. a certain number of them actually are threatened. there are' b"immediate threats, the things that women will tell you they're afraid" b'of. the noise downstairs at night. the lonely walk to the car. the' b'stranger at the door. the abusive husband, finally kicked out of the' b'house as he threatens to hurt her and their children. the burglar... the' b'mugger...the rapist.' b'' b'and what are we told is the solution? move. get a dog. keep the door' b'locked. call the police. as a next-to-last resort, learn martial arts. and' b'always, there\'s the implied question "what\'s a pretty little thing like' b'you doing without a husband around to protect you?' b'' b"but what if you don't like dogs? like living alone? don't have b'years to devote learning judo?' b'' b'what if, after examining the facts, a woman learns that "rape victims' b'using armed resistance were less likely to have the rape completed b'and were less likely to be injured(kleck,124) than those using any' b'other form of resistance (kleck,126) (also true for' b'robbery/assault)(kleck,123)' b'' b'what if, to our horror and despair, we find that citizens cannot depend' b'on the police for effective protection they usually respond after a' b'crime has been committed. in truth, the supreme court has held that' b'the police are not responsible for protecting any individual, only the' b'whole community.' b'' b'as a society, are we going to ask women, once again, to sacrifice' b'themselves? are we going to continue to deny women the ability to' b'help themselves?' b'' b"here's a thought. neil smith, in his book the probability broach, says" b'"no pound thug can threaten the well being or dignity of a b'pound woman who has two pounds of iron to even things out." but if' b'a woman decides to protect herself, with the easiest, most efficient' b'means possible, people especially other women are horrified.' b'"eughh, how could you? i\'d be terrified!" they ask. how could you' b"hurt someone? they'll repeat the lie: it'll just get taken away from" b'you. in truth, of "defensive gun uses" result in the offender taking' b'the gun away from the victim.(122,kleck)' b'' b'well, despite the lies, and the social pressure, some of us have already' b"made that hard choice. we've decided that we are not going to be" b"victimized by the muggers, burglars or rapists. we're buying more" b"guns than every before. we're learning how to use them and teaching" b'others, women and men, how to use them. most importantly, we are' b'preparing ourselves mentally to use our firearms for our own defense.' b"we're taking our own security, literally, into our own hands. we're" b'going to stop begging and pleading and marching and what we' b'intend is to really take back the night.' b'' b"but there's another threat, more insatiable than any mugger, more" b'secretive than any burglar, more soul-destroying than any rapist.' b'' b'that menace is government, and it threatens us all. we know that' b'governments, throughout time, have suppressed rights and oppressed' b"people. it's the way they survive." b'' b'in our names and with our money, it interferes with innocent people' b'both at home and abroad. it lies to us, cheats us, steals from us and' b"threatens us with violence. no one knows exactly what it'll do next b'what freedom we will lose because some government goon decides' b'"it\'s for your own safety" or "we know best". any person who acted' b'like government does would be psychoanalyzed within an inch of his' b'life and locked up as a habitual offender.' b'' b'but this monster called government persists, and grows. and we, who' b'should be its masters, have become its unwilling slaves. do you doubt' b'me? then why did you file your income tax?' b'' b'like any reasonable person, i believe that being afraid of something' b"that can hurt you is smart, and that paranoia isn't crazy if someone's" b"really after you. and make no mistake, they're after you and they're" b'after me. their names are familiar: brady and reynolds, groff,' b"metzenbahm, moynihan, and clinton. if we're lucky, they'll settle for" b'our assault rifles, our shotguns, our handguns and our ammunition.' b'' b'as citizens, we have only two choices. they are the same two choices' b'given to women: to surrender or to fight.' b'' b'surrender leads to the gulag, to the genocide of pol pot, to the' b'disappearances, to dachau. i do not intend to surrender.' b'' b'a battle can be philosophical or political: in the main, the people keep' b'the government honest by threatening to vote it out of office. but if' b'they have to, they will keep in mind the words of thomas jefferson:' b'"the tree of liberty must be well watered with the blood of patriots."' b'' b"as a patriot, i will point out the error in the government's ways. i will" b'do my best to vote the villains out of office. i will protest, and write,' b'and speak, and teach our children justice, honor and truth. and always' b'remember that rebellion can lead to bunker hill and saratoga......or it' b'can lead to tiananmen square.' b'' b'when the time comes to stand up, if i have to give my life to keep' b'them from going too far, if there is a tiananmen square in our future,' b'i intend to be there. and no matter what lies they tell and no matter' b'what laws they pass, i intend to meet them with something more' b'substantial in my hand than a brick.' b'' b'my opinions are, of course, my own.' b'' 