b'' b'relay of coverage seen:' b'----------------------' b'there was a press conference by authorities at the compound on cnn earlier' b'today (wednesday). it was explained that two news photographers were found' b'on the compound earlier this morning without permission. it was explained' b'to the press corps. that this is dangerous and that an unknown photographer' b'turning around with a long lens camera could be mistaken for someone dangerous' b'by a texas ranger surveying the site. b'' b'the two photographers were said to be currently in jail and' b"the press were warned to follow the authorities' guidelines." b'it was also emphasized that the survey of the "crime" scene at this' b'point was crucial and that the press could not be allowed to interfere.' b'the press will not be allowed in until the bodies are removed and the' b'site has been completely surveyed for evidence for a court case.' b'' b'that is the gist of the beginning of the conference to the best of my' b"memory. i bring this up because i haven't seen anyone else note it" b"and i haven't seen the regular newscasts mention it. it will" b'probably be mentioned in the papers tomorrow.' b'' b'my opinions:' b'-----------' b'i find this disturbing. while i believe that koresh is largely' b'responsible for not ending this standoff in a peacable manner during the' b'last days of patient opportunity, i find the secrecy surrounding the' b"aftermath more damaging to the authorities' position than they realize." b'' b'since the vast majority of potential defendents in a court case are' b'already dead, the emphasis on the importance of building the court' b'case seems overblown to me.' b'' b'it will be interesting to see the hearings on this affair. i have also' b'heard congressional calls for a review and possible overhaul of government' b'enforcement agencies which you will recall i have stated would be a good' b'idea in previous months.' b'' b'please also note that i by no means endorse or agree with the many' b'conspiracy-type theories i have read here and in other groups. as usual,' b'i am basing my opinions on info gathered from various media and filtered' b'by my own common sense and consideration of plausibility, imho. as such,' b'my opinion is subject to change as more information is made available.' b'' b'' b'scott roby standard disclaimer' b'--' b'' b'' 