b'' b' what happened in waco is not the fault of the batf. if they would of' b' had the proper equipment and personal then they could of captured the' b' compound on the initial assault and none of this would of happened.' b'' b'they did have the proper equipment. the problem is that they went about' b'things the wrong way. the atf should have served the warrant in a' b'peacable manner instead of going in there like a bunch of rambos with' b"guns blazing. i'm not trying to excuse what david koresh did. i'm" b'just saying that the atf (henceforth to be known as the cigarette cops b'went about the "raid" in an improper manner.' b'' b' the batf needs more people, better weapons and more armored' b' transports. when they meet hostile fire they should be able to use' b' more force instead of retreating to a stand off. if you are going to' b' do a job then do it right. the batf is there to protect us and they' b' must have the proper equipment and people to do the job.' b'' b"let the fbi, customs, and local police officers do the atf's job. we" b"don't need them anymore!!! the cigarette cops are just leftovers" b'from prohibition days. they are an anachronism!' b'' b' with the wod and the increased crime in the streets the batf is needed' b' more now then ever. if they blast away a few good fokes then that is' b' the price we all have to pay for law and order in this country. look' b' at all the good people that died in wars to protect this great country' b' of ours.' b'' b'including you? what if the cigarette cops kicked down your door and' b'cut you in half with a machine gun? this could actually happen.' b'maybe they get the wrong address and then raid *your* home, for example.' b"it's happened before and it can happen *again*. i have heard of more" b'than one instance of a no-knock raid going sour. just recently i' b"heard about a case in which police raided this guy's home because they" b'thought he had dope or something. the guy blew both of the officers' b"away and he didn't go to jail for it. the judge hearing the case" b'ruled that the man was acting in self-defense.' b'' b' with the arms build up in waco they needed to hit that compound with' b' mega fire power. they could of gone in there blasting and killed a few' b' women and kids but it would of been better then letting them all burn' b' to death days later.' b'' b'are you sure that that would have been the way to go? surely the fbi' b"and atf could have handled this fiasco better. they didn't have to" b'massacre all those people. as stimpy said in "fake dad", "shame, shame,' b'double shame!" the fbi and atf should be ashamed of theirselves.' b'' b'' b'scott kennedy, brewer and patriot' b'' b'before: "david koresh is a cheap thug who interprets' b'the bible through the barrel of a gun..." --atf spokesman' b'after: "[the atf] is a cheap thug who interprets' b'[the constitution] through the barrel of a gun..." --me' b'' 