b'' b'' b"this is where freeman's love of accuracy becomes really ridiculous." b'' b"good now let's look at those sections. they'll prove my point." b'' b'[his point was that it is possible under certain circumstances for many people' b'to carry concealed in illinois]' b'' b' (a) a person commits the offense of unlawful use of weapons when he' b'knowingly:' b'' b'(4) carries or possesses in any vehicle or concealed on or about his person' b' except when on his land or in his own abode or fixed place of business' b' any pistol, revolver, stun gun or taser or other firearm;' b'' b"note that this doesn't affect all concealed carry. (look after the" b'word "except".) it always helps to read the law before commenting on' b'it.' b'' b'i did read the law before i commented on it. judging from replies i received' b'about my "semantics on t.p.g" post many (if not most) people here on t.p.g' b'assume that when ccw laws are asked about the person is asking about the' b'possibility of an ordinary citizen getting one. it would also follow that said' b'person would get the ccw to carry on his/her person away from their home and/or' b'business.' b'' b'' b'' b'would a prudent storekeeper carry concealed? how about someone at' b'home? note that both are legal, and a lot of "common" people qualify' b'for one or the other.' b'' b'-andy' b'--' b'' b'maybe freeman did prove his point but his point is not relevant. the thing' b'that most people seem to care about when they ask questions about carrying' b'a concealed weapon is whether or not they can carry it concealed on their' b"person when they are out on the street somewhere. i'm sure that not many" b'people are concerned with whether or not they can carry concealed at home.' b'speaking as someone who lives in illinois (the only place where the above' b'quoted law is relevant i know that it is legal to own a handgun here (i' b'am not taking into account city ordinances). i could care less about whether' b'or not i can carry concealed at home. i only care about the fact that' b"i can't carry concealed in the place where it really counts- out on the street." b'freeman loves to be accurate and i can understand that (especially not) but he' b"seems to be forgetting that accurate facts don't always replace common sense." b'i am not going to followup to this thread anymore because i believe that it is' b'useless to argue these points anymore. the only thing that is happening now' b'is that freeman and i are "running around in circles" trying to prove each' b'other wrong and i do not have the time to be playing games anymore. of course' b'now freeman will attack me about my use of common sense in some of my earlier' b'posts but what can i do. my only advice for freeman quit being so picky' b'about accuracy sometimes and use your common sense; it really does work some-' b'times.' b'' 