b'' b'' b' (aaron ray clements) writes: the second amendment is a guarantee of the right to bear arms. clearly' b' and unequivocally, without infringement.' b'' b'i saw this nifty drawn out posting and i thought i might give the two of you' b'a little help with your problem. as you both know what you posted,(and this' b'foolish thing gave me so much shit last time i tried to post) i took the' b"liberty of deleting all but the header and a single quote. i hope you don't" b'mind.' b'' b'as written the second ammendment states rather clearly for anyone who can' b'read the following:' b'' b'" a well regulated militia, being necessarry to the security of a free state,' b'the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."' b'' b'what is regulated? regulated means "controlled"! how about security?' b"well hey! that would be along the lines of being and feeling safe wouldn't" b"it? wow! we have a concept forming here don't we!? now what have we left?" b'"the right of the people people people people people people people (sorry' b'got kinda hungup there) shall not be infringed" oops! backup there,hmmm..' b'"infringed"....that\'d be like interfered with, altered, changed or' b"watered down in any way,shape or form! so! what we have here in it's big old" b'long winded version would be.' b'' b'" a well controlled militia, being necessary to the secure/safe feeling of' b'state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be fucked' b'with in any way shape or form by some happy ass good for nothing in' b'some piddly government building who wants to run my life in the pursuit of' b'his happiness!" the item is clear and concise in it\'s present form my young' b'friend! it does not need my clarification or that of any other. this is' b'only ammendment which guarantees the continued existence of the others.' b"it's whole purpose is to give people recourse against the military machine" b"of a government which fails to properly represent it's creators!us!" b'' b' james madison, federalist paper (regarding the "general' b' welfare" clause): "nothing is more natural nor common than first' b' to use a general phrase, and then to explain and qualify it by a' b' recital of particulars."' b'' b'' b'' b'"no representative government need fear it\'s armed citizens"' b'' b'"death to tyrants!"' b'' b'"the only thing we have to fear......is me!"' b'' 