b'' b'' b'this means you would support a ban if it were narrow enough. good.' b'' b'this was not stated nor implied. try asking.' b'' b'nerve gas and mustard gas are well defined. other poisonous' b'gasses should be individually banned only if it can be shown that there' b'is no use not related to weaponry. licenses should be available for' b'research purposes on such chemicals.' b'' b'this is laughable. licenses? right. so then i would need a' b'license to possess chlorine gas? it is a weapons grade poison.' b'would i be breaking the law then if i were to, say, pour chlorox' b'on the spot where my cat pissed on the floor? the reaction of' b'ammonia and bleach liberates pure chlorine gas. do i go to jail' b'for this? why or why not?' b'' b'would i need a license to possess other chemical agents? what about' b'nicotine? deadly poison, and rather fast acting. must i now become' b'licensed to posess tobacco? and what about nicotine sulphate, an even' b'deadlier poison? will i need a license to possess this type of' b'insecticide? what about raid(tm)? black flag? gasoline? benzene?' b'hydrazine (a violent poison)?' b'' b'will i go to jail for possessing a can of tomatoes that went bad with' b'botulinus?' b'' b'what about my mom pop qc lab where i use cyanogen bromide (mustard' b'gas) to do lot analysis on certain non-prescription pharmaceuticals?' b'' b'what if i wish to use potassium cyanide to recover gold from aqua' b'regia? a license?' b'' b'would i need a license to possess beryllium, perhaps the most poisonous' b'non-radioactive metal? how about beryllium-copper alloy?' b'' b'do i need a license for nitrate fertilizers which *could* be used to' b'make very powerful explosive devices such as the one that the ira' b'recently detonated, killing and injuring b'' b'can i have vinegar without license? hydrogen peroxide? where is the' b'line drawn?' b'' b'i am not a lawyer, but these ideas could certainly be a basis for' b'definitions.' b'' b'yes they could, but are they good ideas? are they needed? is there' b'any shred of sanity in them? scarcely, i trust.' b'' b'-andy v.' 