b'' b'replying to a.j. teel:' b'' b'well, the two nifty letters giving concrete proof that the' b'income tax is voluntary and giving specific procedures for' b'stopping withholding, et cetera have been out there for a' b'while now.' b'' b'humbug. those letters don\'t provide "concrete proof" of anything at all' b'in the absence of any case law that demonstrates the method will actu-' b'ally work for ordinary people in everyday situations.' b'' b'specifically, show us some case law in which the courts have ruled that' b'income tax is illegal and/or that ordinary working types do not have to' b'pay income tax (and that they can legally avoid paying income tax with-' b'out declaring themselves to be churches or some such silliness). this' b'issue is sufficiently important that i think we have a right to expect' b'something squarely on point from the us supreme court (in the case of' b"federal tax) or a state's supreme court (for a state's income tax)." b'' b'unless you can do that, i for one am unwilling to call your material' b'"concrete proof".' b'' b'there has been no refutation to date. have the nay-sayers' b'finally given up as defeated? sure would like to hear their' b'reasons for disbelief at this point.' b'' b"refutation?? refutation of what? you haven't made a case yet. you've" b"posted plenty of claims, but you haven't given us any valid reason to" b'believe that any court in the us will agree with you. your claims seem' b'on the surface to deviate so radically from the legal mainstream that i' b'feel the burden of proof is still on =you= to show that your arguments' b"have any merit whatsoever. and the cases you've cited involve such" b'strange situations that i see no reason to assume that the rulings are' b'applicable to anyone else, or that they will ultimately stand on appeal' b'to the supreme court.' b'' b"why can't you just cite us a case in which joe schmoe, a regular" b'employee earning regular wages from a regular company, refuses to pay' b'his income tax, gets hauled into court, is convicted of wilful tax eva-' b'sion, and then has his conviction overturned by the us supreme court' b'with a landmark majority ruling that income tax is indeed totally' b'voluntary? what, you say? no such case exists? hmmm, i wonder why' b"not; why haven't you?" b'' b'shall i conclude that the point has been received and the' b'opposition has forfeited the field?' b'' b'with all due respect, you can conclude anything you want. i just hope,' b"for your own sake, that you don't conclude that anyone in a position of" b'authority in the united states or any legitimate or illegitimate polit-' b'ical subdivision thereof is going to agree with your conclusions.' b'' b"for that matter, i confess i'm thoroughly confused as to =why= you would" b'be looking for court rulings in your favor anyway since i thought you' b'told us earlier that every court in the us has been in cahoots with big' b'banking interests since the "admiralty jurisdiction" coverup thing.' b"do you honestly expect us to believe that they'd go to all the trouble" b'to subvert the system, and yet would still promptly slink back into' b'their burrows in the face of anyone who knew enough to invoke the right' b'combination of magic spells and mystic mumbo-jumbo?' b'' b'not only that, but why do you even =care= what the us courts say anyway?' b"didn't you tell us a while back that you've disavowed all attempts by us" b'officials to classify you as a "14th amendment federal citizen"? when' b"the fbi comes to haul you away for tax evasion, why don't you just tell" b"them they're out of their jurisdiction and should go back to washington," b'd.c., where they belong?' b'' b'or maybe we should all just go back to mediaeval common law, which you' b'suggested would be better than all these statutes, codes, and the like.' b"if you want to renounce society's legal framework, fine; we can just" b'declare you an outlaw, ok?, and anyone who sees you driving on the roads' b"with no license plate on your car and no driver's license in your wallet" b'can just take you like a game animal and stew you for their supper (with' b'plenty of veggies and a pinch of salt, but without prejudice ucc b'' b"sorry, everyone, it's getting late, and i'm sick and tired of all this" b"garbage. if i know what's good for me, i'll just clam up and stop try-" b'ing to refute this nonsense, and if anyone falls for it and winds up in' b"jail for tax evasion or what-not, it'll be on their own head." b'' b'needless to say, none of the above represents the opinions of my current' b"employer who, in any case, is a canadian and doesn't really need to" b'care too much about us tax law. i, on the other hand, am a "14th amend-' b'ment federal citizen", with a us passport to prove it, and plan to keep' b"on filing form 1040's for the foreseeable future (though i will probably" b'not owe any us income tax due to the foreign earned income exclusion' b'and/or the foreign tax credit).' b'' b'--' b'35 king st. n. waterloo, ontario, canada n2j 2w9 