b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'the white house' b'' b'office of the press secretary' b'(vancouver, british columbia)' b'_________________________________________________________________' b'for immediate release april b'' b'' b'press conference by the president' b'with russian press' b'' b'canada place' b'vancouver, british columbia' b'' b'' b'' b'2:46 p.m. pdt' b'' b'' b'q\t i had two questions for both presidents, so you' b'could probably answer for boris, too. (laughter.)' b'' b"the president: i'll give you my answer, then i'll" b"give you yeltsin's answer. (laughter.)" b'' b'q\t the first is that this is the meeting of the' b"presidents, so the money that's being promised is government" b"money, and naturally it's going to be distributed through the" b"government. but you've indicated that three-quarters are going" b'to be going to businesses. so the question is how the russian' b'businesses themselves are going to be consulted, if ever? what' b'are the priorities, because there are several association of' b'russian businessmen existing already, so will they be invited to' b'participate in setting up priorities for investment?' b'' b'this is the first. and second, to you. we know' b'that polls, public polls in america do not show that americans' b'are very enthusiastic about giving this aid. like newsweek polls' b"say that about percent don't approve it, and new york times" b'published that percent support if it just prevents civil war;' b'42 percent if it fosters democratic reform; and only percent' b'if it just personally supports yeltsin. how are you going to' b'sort of handle this problem that americans themselves are not' b'very enthusiastic? thank you.' b'' b"q\t i have a question, i'm sorry is there going" b'to be a translation of everything into russian? no, just the' b'answers. just the answers. okay.' b'' b'the president: the answer to the first question is,' b"it depends on what kind of aid we're discussing. for example," b'the funds that will be set up for financing new businesses will' b'obviously go to those businesses who apply and who seem to be' b'good risks and make the application. the privatization fund will' b'be used to support the privatization of existing public' b'enterprises. then there are some other general funds in the' b'democracy corps and other things which people in russia will have' b'some influence over the distribution of.' b'' b'with regard to your second question, let me say that' b'i would think that there would be people in both countries who' b'would not feel too warmly toward simply the american government' b"giving money to the russian government. there's opposition to" b'that in russia. and in our country, throughout our whole history' b'there has been an opposition to foreign aid of all kinds. that' b'is, this has nothing to do with russia. if you look at the whole' b'history of america, any kind of aid program has always been' b'unpopular.' b'' b'what i have tried to tell the american people is, is' b'this is not an aid program, this is an investment program; that' b'this is an investment in our future. we spent trillion b'trillion on armaments on soldiers and other investments' b'because of the cold war. now, with a democratic government in' b'russia, with the newly independent states, the remainder of them' b'working on a democracy and struggling to get their economies' b'going, it seems to me very much in our interest to make it' b'possible to do whatever we can for democracy to survive, for the' b'economy of russia to grow because of the potential for trade and' b'investment there, and for us to continue the effort to reduce' b'nuclear weapons and other elements of hostility on both sides, on' b'our side and on the russian side.' b'' b"so i don't see this as an aid program; this is an" b'investment for the united states. this is very much in the' b'interest of the united states. the things i announced today, the' b'second stage of the program, which i hope to put together next' b'week, in my view are things that are good for my country and for' b'the taxpayers and workers of my country.' b'' b'russia is a very great nation that needs some' b'partnership now, some common endeavor with other people who share' b'her goals. but it would be a great mistake for anyone to view' b"this as some sort of just a charity or an aid issue. that's not" b"what it is, it's an investment for america and it's a wonderful" b'investment.' b'' b'like all investments, there is some risk. but' b"there's far less risk with a far greater potential of return than" b'the trillion we spent looking at each other across the barrier' b'of the cold war.' b'' b'q\t mr. president, first of all thank you very' b'much, indeed, for coming here and talking to us. in the memory' b'of the living correspondents, this is the first time an american' b"president is doing this to the russian press corps, so it's kind" b'of a very measured breakthrough.' b'' b'i have two questions. one, in your introductory' b'remarks of the other press conference, you mentioned in brief' b'that you discussed the start ii and start i issues. could you' b'tell us: did you reach an agreement with president yeltsin as to' b'what might be done in order to have ukraine join the ratification' b'of start i and the npt regime? and my second question is, how' b'confident you are that the united states congress would be eager' b'to support you in lifting jackson-vanik and other restrictions' b'inherited from the cold war?' b'' b'president clinton: first, we discussed the issue of' b'ukraine with regard to start i and npt, and generally, with' b'regard to the need to proceed to have the other independent' b'states all be non-nuclear; but also to have the united states' b'develop strong relationships with them. we know that one thing' b'that we could do that would increase, i think, the willingness of' b'the ukraine to support this direction is to successfully conclude' b'our own negotiations on highly enriched uranium, because that' b'would provide not only an important economic opportunity for' b'russia, but also for ukraine, and it would show some reaching out' b'on our part. but we agreed that basically the people who signed' b'off on the lisbon protocol have got to honor what they did, and' b'we agreed to continue to press that.' b'' b'i, myself, have spent a good deal of time trying to' b"reassure ukraine's leaders, specifically the president and the" b'foreign minister, that i want strong ties with ukraine, that the' b'united states very much wants a good relationship with ukraine,' b'but that, in order to do what we need to do together to' b'strengthen the economy of ukraine and to have the united states' b'be fully supportive, the commitment to ratify start i and to join' b'the npt regime is critical.' b'' b'what was the second question?' b'' b'the president: with regard to jackson-vanik and' b'cocom, i would make two points: first, i have agreed with the' b'republican and democratic leaders in the congress that we will,' b'as soon as i return, have a list of all the legislative and other' b'restrictions, some of them are regulatory in nature, imposed on' b'relations between the united states and russia, that are legacies' b"of the cold war. and we will see whether they're how many of" b'them we could agree to do away with right now, at least among the' b'leadership of the congress.' b'' b'with regard to jackson-vanik, i think there will be' b'an openness to change the law if the congress is convinced there' b'are, in fact, no more refusniks, no more people who wish to' b'emigrate who are not being allowed to. if the fact is that there' b'is no one there who would have been who the law was designed' b'to affect, then i think that the desire to keep the law will be' b'much less.' b'' b"with regard to cocom, my guess is, and it's nothing" b'more than a guess, that the leadership of congress and indeed my' b'own advisers, might prefer to see some sort of phased movement' b'out of the cocom regime. but i think they would be willing to' b'begin it in the fairly near future.' b'' b'q\t mr. clinton, when i read your speech in' b'annapolis, i got the impression that you have a completely' b'different personal and i stress that personal, not' b'political approach towards russia, compared to the approach of' b'mr. bush. could you formulate in a few words, what is the' b'difference between you as a personality and your approach the' b'difference between your approach to russia and the approach of' b'mr. bush? and who made you why did you cite akhmatova in the' b'last part of your speech?' b'' b'the president: let me say, first, i do not wish to' b"compare myself with president bush or anyone else. i can't say" b'what was in his heart about russia. i can say that since i was a' b'boy, i have been personally fascinated with the history, the' b'music and the culture, and the literature of russia. i have been' b'thrilled by russian music since i was a serious student of music' b'for more than years now. i have read major russian novelists' b'and many of your poets and followed your ballet and tried to know' b'as much as i could about your history.' b'' b'and i went to the soviet union but it was then' b'the soviet union you may know it was a big issue in the last' b'presidential campaign that i spent the first week of alone' b'in moscow and did not return again until three days before mr.' b'yeltsin was elected president. but all that time i was away, i' b'was following events there very closely and hoping for the day' b'when we could be genuine partners. so i have always had a' b'personal feeling about russia.' b'' b'i remember, for example a lot of you know i like' b'music very much. one of the most moving experiences for me as a' b'musician was when leonard bernstein took the new york' b"philharmonic to moscow and played shostakovich's fifth symphony" b'to the russians. and he played the last movement more rapidly' b'than anyone had ever played it before because it was technically' b'so difficult. that is something i followed very closely when it' b'occurred.' b'' b'these are things that have always had a big impact' b'on my life. and i had just always hoped that someday, if i ever' b'had the chance to, i could play a role in seeing our two' b'countries become closer partners. (applause.)' b'' b'the press: thank you.' b'' b'end3:06 p.m. pdt' b'' b'' b'' 