b'' b' that drag the us down and cause problems at home and abroad.' b"rank balderdash! america's reputation abroad has become tarnished" b'because of feckless and pusillanimous cowards who apparently do not' b'have the requisite gonads to stand up for american honor and dignity.' b'' b'don\'t be ridiculous, kaldis. i suggest you give the "ugly american"' b'concept, which i can easily see you demonstrating, a good hard second look.' b'' b" the american way is not the only way, it's not necessarally the best" b' way, and it is incredibly arrogant to even think that.' b'' b'the american way may not be the only way, and you may not consider it' b"to be necessarily the best way, but, by god, it's _our_ way and we're" b"going to stick with it! if you can't go along with the program, then" b'perhaps you should consider moving elsewhere.' b'' b"dear god. didn't this die out in the fifties with mccarthy and the" b'blacklists?' b'' b" i've spent quite a bit of time in different provinces of canada and" b' let me tell you, it is very refreshing to spend time with people who' b' are not full of arrogant nationalism and empty patriotism.' b"that is exactly the _problem_ with canadians! they don't stand for" b'anything with certitude.' b'' b"didn't your mother ever teach you not to generalize? i am a canadian, and" b'i stand up for _too many_ things with _too much_ certitude.' b'' b' the canadians i know well enough to say this about, seem to have a' b' great deal of pride in their provinces and their country, but they' b" aren't blinded by flags and ideals like many americans are." b'could this be because they are bereft of ideals?' b'' b'uh huh. this must explain the world reknowned, record low american crime' b"rate. i see now, it's all becoming so clear to me." b'' b" well, i've said too much," b'yes you have.' b'' b"no he hasn't." b'' b' but i was so angered by your words that i felt i had to say something.' b' sorry to intrude.' b'you pipsqueak! you mouse! if you are sorry to intrude then why do' b"it? don't you have the courage of your convictions? hell, do you" b'even have any convictions to start with? what kind of example of' b'manly dignity is this? sheesh!' b'' b'remarkable audacity and misguidance. what you take for your own courage,' b'sir, is nothing more than simple loud-mouthedness coupled with unrestrained' b'bragging.' b'' b'--' b'"please allow me to introduce myself. sympathy' b"i'm a man of wealth and taste. for the devil" b"i've been around for long, long years. the laibach" b'stolen many a man\'s soul, and faith." remixes' 