b'' b'' b' but this does not imply that all relationships between youth' b' and adults are exploitative and abusive.' b'' b'the critical factor here is whether the sexual activity is "forced"' b'or whether it is an activity that is consensually agreed upon and' b'freely engaged in by the people involved.' b'' b'when a child is "forced" there is often "damage", on the other hand,' b'' b'\twholeheartedly agree here.' b'' b'"consensual" relationships are often found to be "positive experiences"' b'for all concerned.' b'' b'\twhy do i find this hard to believe?' b'\tcare to convince us?' b'' b'carlos,' b'' b'why not check out some of the scientific research that has been' b'done in this area and convince yourself.' b'' b'research around the world indicates that the issue of coercion is' b'the critical factor.' b'' b'for those interested in research on the topic i can suggest, li et al' b'(england), constantine (united states), and sandfort (the netherlands).' b"i especially like sandfort's research for he actually quotes what the" b'boys who are involved in the relationships have to say.' b'' b'' b'' b'children and sex: new findings, new perspectives by larry constantine' b'& floyd m. martinson (eds.). little brown co., boston, b'boys on their contacts with men by theo sandfort, global academic' b'publishers, elmhurst, new york, b'perspectives on paedophilia by brian taylor (ed.). batsford academic b'educational ltd., london, b'paedophilia: a factual report by frits bernard. enclave, rotterdam,' b'the netherlands, b'sexual experience between men and boys by parker rossman. maurice' b'temple smith ltd., middlesex, great britain, b"children's sexual encounters with adults by c.k. li, d.j. west t.p." b'woodhouse. gerald duckworth co., london, b'' b'' b'yours in liberation,' b'' b'roy' b'' b'' b'--' b'north american man/boy love association -for a packet containing a sample' b'bulletin, publications list and membership information send postage' b'to: nambla info, dept.rr, po box midtown station, nyc ny 