b'' b'\t(i would have thought you would have found better means' b'of refuting or responding to the substantive points and information in' b'the s.b.' b'' b'the s.b. needs no refutation by me. the patent absurdity of your' b'beloved great book speaks for itself.' b'' b'\tyour ignorance is clearly showing itself again, mark.' b"\twhy don't you read the post and show us all where the" b"\tsilver bulletin is wrong. it is an expose' of the" b'\tcorruption and fraud in government. or do you feel' b'\tthat our wonderful state is just nifty and sweet?' b'' b"fine. if you think it's an expose of corruption and fraud," b"please prevent a jury question. don't just reassert your" b'opening statement.' b'' b'. b"for those in the dark, i wrote to teel's sysadmin noting that a) he" b'wastes bandwidth by posting identical messages (long ones) to several' b'newsgroups independently (instead of cross-posting), and b) he has' b'improperly used his posts to advertise goods for sale.' b'\ta) i was requested to post to those groups' b'\tand they were getting deleted... by whom?' b'\tb) the "goods for sale" was a method of showing the' b'\tsource and obtaining further info...' b'\tand the message in question was retrieved in its entirety' b'\tfrom the net. i simply reposted it from one year ago.' b'' b'\twould there be a complaint if i had posted an article from' b'\t"newsweek" then posted the address and subscription price?' b'\thow about the subscription info for the american law review?' b'\tbit of a double standard? yeah... think so...' b'' b'no indication that was what happened until now. editing down is' b'always possible.' b'' b'. b'readers more careful than a.j. will note that the complaint (appended' b"below) expressly disclaims any wish to suppress teel's postings merely" b'because they are infantile, irrational, and tedious.' b'\tmore name calling, mark? is that your best shot?' b'\toh, i see. the reason for your sending that letter' b'\thad nothing to do with your opinion of my information...' b'\tright. clearly your motivations were the best interest' b'\tof all of those poor users who could not speak for themselves.' b"\tif we weren't talking about attempted censorship(sp?), it" b'\twould be funny...' b'' b'\tfurther, your "perception" (for want of a better term) is not' b'\tthe feedback that i have been getting via email and others.' b'\t the "keep it up!"\'s outnumber the "go away!"\'s at least to b'' b'it would be interesting to hear who the responding parties are.' b'' b'\ti, for one, have no intention of being a slave. you may' b'\tbe so if you like. just remember where you heard that' b'\ton tribute day (april i am not a 14th amendment' b'\ttaxpayer/slave/ssn holder/etc. are you?' b'' b'for discussion purposes only:' b'' b"don't let the irs see this, mr. teel." b'' b'. b'\tand by the way, the reference to ucc is made' b'\tin pari materia with my common-law rights. b'\tis the recourse and is the remedy.' b'' b'and, as has been noted more times than we care to count, about as' b'likely to stand up in court as the twenty-seven eight by ten' b'color glossy pictures the stockbridge, mass., police, took for' b'use as evidence against arlo guthrie. (as anyone who knows' b"alice's restaurant is aware, he pleaded guilty to littering, was" b'fined and told to pick up the garbage.)' b'' b'daniel reitman' b'' b'how not to write a deed' b'' b'one case involved the construction of a conveyance to grantees "jointly, as' b'tenants in common, with equal rights and interest in said land, and to the' b'survivor thereof, in fee simple. to have and to hold the same unto the' b'said parties hereto, equally, jointly, as tenants in common, with equal rights' b'and interest for the period or term of their lives, and to the survivor thereof' b'at the death of the other."' b'' b'the court held that the survivorship provision indicated an intent to create a' b'joint tenancy. germain v. delaine, ala. so.2d 