b'' b'' b'' b'government-mandated energy conservation is unnecessary and wastful, study finds' b'' b'washington, dc the energy tax and subsidized energy-efficiency' b'measures supported by president clinton and energy secretary hazel' b"o'leary are based on faulty assumptions, a new study from the cato" b'institute points out.' b'' b"according to jerry taylor, cato's director of natural resource studies," b'we are not running out of sources of energy. the world now has almost b'times the proven oil reserves it had in and twice the reserves of' b'1970. proven reserves of coal and natural gas have increased just as' b'dramatically.' b'' b'when standards of living, population densities, and industrial' b'structures are controlled for, the united states is no less energy' b'efficient than japan and more energy efficient than many of the group' b'of seven nations.' b'' b'energy independence provides little protection against domestic oil' b'price shocks because the energy economy is global. moreover, since the' b'cost of oil represents only about percent of gross national product,' b'even large increases in the price of oil would have little impact on the' b'overall u.s. economy.' b'' b'market economies are, on average, times more energy efficient per' b'$1,000 of gnp than are centrally planned economies.' b'' b"utilities' subsidized energy-efficiency measurs, known as demand-side" b'management programs, encourage free riders, overuse of competing resource' b'inputs, an competitive inequities. furthermore, dsm programs do not' b'reduce demand.' b'' b'taylor concludes that government-mandated energy conservation imposes' b'unnecessary costs on consumers and wastes, not conserves, energy; that' b'subsidizing energy-conservation technologies will stymie, not advance,' b'gains in energy conservation; and that central control over the lifeblood' b'of modern society--energy--would transfer tremendous power to the state' b'at the expense of the individual.' b'' b'"energy conservation and efficiency: the case against coercion" is no.' b'189 in the policy analysis series published by the cato institute, an' b'independent public policy research organization in washington, dc.' b'' b'' b'' b'available from:' b'cato institute' b'224 second street se' b'washington, dc b'' b'' b'' b'---------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'the cato institute' b'' b'founded in the cato institute is a public policy research' b'foundation dedicated to broadening the parameters of policy debate' b'to allow consideration of more options that are consistent with the' b'traditional american principles of limited government, individual' b'liberty, and peace. to that end, the institute strives to achieve' b'greater involvement of the intelligent, concerned lay public in' b'questions of policy and the proper role of government.' b"the institute is named for cato's letters, libertarian pamphlets" b'that were widely read in the american colonies in the early 18th' b'century and played a major role in laying the philosophical foundation' b'of the american revolution.' b"despite the achievement of the nation's founders, today virtually" b'no aspect of life is free from government encroachment. a pervasive' b"intolerance for individual rights is shown by government's arbitrary" b'intrusions into private economic transactions and its disregard for' b'civil liberties.' b'to counter that trend the cato institute undertakes an extensive' b'publications program that addresses the complete spectrum of policy' b'issues. books, monographs, and shorter studies are commissioned' b'to examine the federal budget, social security, regulation, military' b'spending, international trade, and myriad other issues. major policy' b'conferences are held throughout the year, from which papers are' b'published thrice yearly in the cato journal.' b'in order to maintain its independence, the cato institute accepts' b'no government funding. contributions are received from foundations,' b'corporations, and individuals, and other revenue is generated from' b'the sale of publications. the institute is a nonprofit, tax-exempt,' b'educational foundation under section 501(c)3 of the internal revenue' b'code.' b'' b'the cato institute' b'224 second street s.e.' b'washington, dc 