b'' b'' b'' b'' b'# #are you saying that:' b'#' b'# people voted for hitler, and he became reich chancellor, in good' b'# #part because he used bully boys to attack communists,' b'' b'# hitler did not become become reich chancellor because people voted for' b"# him. i'm not sure if you meant to imply that or not, but i just thought" b"# i'd bring that up." b'' b'hitler became chancellor because people voted for his political' b"party. that's not a huge difference in a parliamentary system." b'' b"your statement is a common misconception, but it just isn't true. in the" b'german weimar system, the chancellor was not necessarily the leader of the' b'largest reichstag party; the chancellor was appointed by the president and' b'generally was the leader of a coalition of parties who could form an effective' b'majority in the reichstag. beyond that, the implication that hitler rose to' b'the chancellorship because a majority of germans wanted nazi rule is false' b'as well. before president hindenburg appointed hitler chancellor in january' b'1933, the german people did not show a particular desire to be led either by' b'hitler or by the nazi party. these are the results of the march election' b'for president, the closest hitler ever came to direct election: hindenburg' b'49.6%, hitler thaelmann duesterberg in the runoff election' b'in april the results were: hindenburg hitler thaelmann b'so we can see that hitler personally was supported by only about a third of' b'german voters.' b'' b'similarly, the nazi party never received more than of the vote in' b'reichstag elections. that occurred in july in the november election' b'the nazis *lost* two million votes and seats, down from to out of' b'the in the reichstag. comparitively, the socialists had and the' b'communists the communists had gained seats, and the german national' b'party, which had supported the previous government, had picked up a million' b"of the nazis' lost votes to gain seats (up to i think the other large" b"party was the catholic center party (i don't know how many seats they had but" b'i think they were declining), and there were numerous other small parties.' b'thus the nazi vote was on the decline at the time hitler was appointed' b'chancellor.' b'' b'what brought hitler to power was *not* the demand of the german people for' b'hitler or the nazis to run things, but the inability of the other parties to' b'put their differences behind them in favor of forming an effective government' b'for the country. germany did not have an enduring democratic tradition, and' b'their parliamentary system lacked effective center parties that favored the' b'interests of the majority of the population. instead what they had was a' b'number of small parties who were unable to put aside their own specific' b'objectives in order to combine against the nazis, who were out to end the' b'democratic process. in fact, part of the problem was that some of the other' b'parties with substantial representation, like the communists, were also' b'out to end the democratic process, but with different results in mind, and' b"generally didn't mind seeing parliamentary democracy go under." b'' b'germany had already had a non-nazi chancellor with a majority coalition' b'for five months while the nazis had been the largest reichstag party, and' b'there certainly was no danger of a revolution in favor of the nazis.' b'if anything the nazis were starting to get desperate because they had failed' b'to get enough support to make hitler president and their popular vote had' b'begun to decline.' b'' b"hitler was not hindenburg's first choice to be chancellor, not even his" b'second choice. first, von papen had been chancellor since june after' b'the november election when the nazis *lost* seats, hindenburg first prevailed' b'on von papen to remain as chancellor. but there were intrigues behind his back' b'and support for him was lacking. so then hindenburg turned to von schleicher,' b'who became chancellor for two months. eventually he too was unable to hold' b'together a working coalition of parties to oppose the nazis, who refused to' b'participate in any government that was not led by a nazi chancellor. some of' b'the nazi leadership, particularly gregor strasser who was the man in the' b'party at the time, wanted to participate in a coalition government. but others,' b"knowing the party's support was waning, figured that their best hope to gain" b'power lay in undermining the democratic process. nevertheless, the country' b'was governed for seven months by chancellors who were not nazis, even though' b'the nazis were the largest reichstag party. the failure of these men to' b'achieve a working coalition was due to the inability of their coalition' b'parties to work together.' b'' b"here's how william shirer puts it in _the rise and fall of the third reich_:" b'' b'the cardinal error of the germans who opposed nazism was their' b'failure to unite against it. at the crest of their popular strength,' b'in july the national socialists had attained but percent of' b'the vote. but the percent of the german people who expressed their' b'opposition to hitler were much too divided and shortsighted to combine' b'against a common danger which they must have known would overwhelm' b'them unless they united, however temporarily, to stamp it out.' b'' b'true, the german people supported hitler after he became chancellor. but' b"that doesn't change the fact that there was not overwhelming support for him" b'*before* he was in power. the german people were not crying out for hitler to' b'take over, no matter how bad economic conditions were. the leftist parties' b'(socialists/communists) probably had more support in total than the nazis.' b'hitler used the fact that others were passively or actively willing to see' b'the government paralyzed as a means to taking it over.' b'' b'-----' b'eric smith' b'ci$: b'' 