b'' b' on the news last night clinton was bashing the republicans for stonewalling' b' his so called stimulus package.' b' it seems that one small item within this package was going to pay for free' b' immunizations for poor kids.' b' so now clinton is claiming that the republicans are holding the health of' b' poor kids hostage for blatantly political gains.' b'' b' aside from the merits (or lack thereof) of another free immunization program,' b' just what is such a program doing in a bill that is supposedly about' b' creating jobs.' b'' b"jobs? what the hell have jobs to do with it? it's another touchy-feely" b'program from the new, vapid administration. the fact is, the major claim' b'made for "universal" immunization that "all children will be immunized" b'has absolutely no validity. several states already have u.i. programs, have' b'had these programs for _years_. the result: on average, their success rates' b"are no better than the national average. it seems that the gummint hasn't" b'yet figured out a way to make parents bring their kids in. yet another case' b'of shameless demagoguery from the "new" democrats, the "agents of change."' b'' b" if clinton is so hot to get this immunization program, why doesn't he and" b" the democrats just introduce it as a stand alone bill. isn't it possible" b' that clinton is the one doing the blatant political (read pork) manipulations' b' here. he is telling the republicans, pass my muti-billion dollar package,' b' or i will go to the people and tell them that you are opposed to' b' immunizing poor kids.' b'' b'what? clinton using this issue for _partisan gain_? do tell.' b'' b' i have never thought highly of clinton, but stunts like this lower my' b' opinion of him even further.' b'' b" i thought one of clinton's campaign themes was that he was going to be" b' a new kind of politician. this kind of manuevering would have made lbj' b' proud.' b'' b'all together now... c\'mon, you know the words... "meet the new boss! same as' b'the old boss!" and the chorus: "we won\'t get fooled again!"' b'' b'------ b'' b'' b"* they're not just opinions they're caffeine for the brain! b'** (up to milligrams per cynical observation.) b'recommended minimum daily requirement: mg. keep reading.' 