b'' b'so the jury will be making its announcement at am saturday' b'morning pacific time am eastern time. why such an ungodly' b'hour?' b'' b'maybe by making the announcement at am on the west coast,' b'they figure all the rioters will be asleep, giving the troops' b'time to move into place.' b'' b'since the actual verdicts were not known by the authorities, it was' b'smart not to allow "friday night for fighting" (sorry, elton) and to' b'seal them for this morning. also, it allows for maximum daylight to' b'wear down and frustrate any potential troublemakers, as well as give' b'more preparation time.' b'' b'i guess we can look forward to a weekend of rioting, eh?' b'' b'are you a local news intern? b'' b'the mayor of los angeles, in a press conference about am' b'saturday morning, b'' b"actually, that was pm 'cos it was shown live on our pm news" b"and cut into cnn's o'clock sports (sorry, but i didn't watch" b'the devils-islanders game! no sportschannel b'' b"meanwhile, following the announcement of the jury's verdict, the" b'judge, jury and assorted court personnel will be evacuated from the' b'building via helicopters landing on the roof of the courthouse. they' b"can't even walk out through the front door with their heads held" b'high.' b'' b"we had cutovers to la's knbc on our wnbc, and i didn't recall this" b"detail. but i'll not comment further on that b'' b"won't the rioters have a surprise waiting for them when they wake" b'up later today!' b'' b'a net-contact in l.a. tells me that the alert will remain over this' b'weekend, as some elements may find excuse over the not-guilty verdicts' b'on three of five charges (the aiding-and-abetting). those acquittals' b'seem to balance out the fact that rodney king himself was not any kind' b'of angel that night, speeding and fleeing et al. however another' b'consideration is any street celebrations over the two convictions on' b'the excessive force charges (koons for incompetance, and powell for' b'overreacting both guilty as heck even from the view of nypd cops' b'interviewed) that might get out of hand. also, some elements' b'may take the acquittals as an excuse to challenge the cops (a dumb' b'move, obviously). and, koreans are still scared and certain people' b'are really mad over how they have armed themselves in the last year.' b'' b'a commander from nassau, long island was questioned about how his' b'people would have handled rodney king, and he said "we\'d have let' b'him roll around in the dirt \'til he got tired, then handcuff him".' b'' b'gld' b'--' b'~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ je me souviens b'gary l. dare' 