b'' b'so the jury will be making its announcement at am saturday' b'morning pacific time am eastern time. why such an ungodly' b'hour?' b'' b'i guess its because the news is not what the government wanted to hear;' b'either the police officers have been found innocent or after a week,' b"the jury is hung neither good news from the government's point of" b'view, as they desparately needed some scapegoats in los angeles.' b'' b'wrong on both accounts.' b'' b'maybe by making the announcement at am on the west coast, they' b'figure all the rioters will be asleep, giving the troops time to move' b'into place.' b'' b'no one is a "rioter" until they participate in a "riot", which is' b'unlikely to happen, now.' b'' b'most of the *people* in l.a. are likely to have gotten up early to' b'listen to the court announcement.' b'' b'i guess we can look forward to a weekend of rioting, eh?' b'' b'sorry to disappoint you, but this seems unlikely.' b'' b'the mayor of' b'los angeles, in a press conference about am saturday morning, in' b'announcing that the jury would give its verdict later this morning' b'(just an hour away as i write this) would not say what that verdict' b'is, but i think he was told in his press conference he said' b'"anyone rioting will be stopped dead in their tracks b'' b"i don't think he was told." b'however, his statement was still appropriate.' b'' b"meanwhile, following the announcement of the jury's verdict, the" b'judge, jury and assorted court personnel will be evacuated from the' b'building via helicopters landing on the roof of the courthouse. they' b"can't even walk out through the front door with their heads held" b'high.' b'' b'jury duty is a solemn duty to be taken seriously. it is not meant' b'to be a source of pride or instant fame.' b'' b"won't the rioters have a surprise waiting for them when they wake up" b'later today!' b'' b'well, the many *people* who got up early to go to the court to hear' b'the verdict found that justice was served. given your dire and' b'cynical predictions, i imagine that it is you who will be surprised. b'' b'' b'' b'patrick townson' b'' b'' b'--' b'' b'' 