b'' b'' b" arrested for defying judge's order at abortion protest rally" b' the miami herald, april b'' b" circuit judge robert mcgregor's order prohibits anti-abortion pickets" b' within feet of the property line of aware woman center for choice.' b' even across the street, they may not display pictures of dead fetuses' b' or sing or chant loud enough to be heard by patients inside the clinic.' b'' b' several years ago, justice william o. douglas, who was' b' about as libertarian as you can get about free-speech' b' and similar issues, wrote a majority opinion in which' b' the supreme court turned down an appeal by a group of' b' people who had been prohibited from demonstrating in' b" front of their landlord's home." b'' b"do you have a cite for the case? you don't give enough" b'information to be able to compare the two situations.' b'if the demonstrators had been blaring loud rock music' b"into the landlord's home all day and night, then i could" b'see how the opinion would be justified. but this court' b'order had prohibited abortion protesters from displaying' b"pictures of dead fetuses, which doesn't disrupt the privacy" b'of anyone inside the clinic.' b'' b' he pointed out that' b' people have a right to be free _from_ speech,' b'' b'perhaps in the privacy of their homes, but not on public' b'property. did the korean grocery store owner in new york' b'city have a right to be free from the speech of the protesters' b'outside his store? patrons inside the store could hear the' b'protesters asking them to re-consider shopping there how' b'is that different from the abortion protesters asking women' b'to re-consider getting an abortion at a clinic?' b'' b' harassment goes beyond' b' expression to direct attack on particular persons,' b' in this case the workers and clients at a clinic.' b' its purpose is clearly not to convey information or' b' express an opinion, but to intimidate and do harm to' b' other others.' b'' b"even if the protesters' speech could be considered" b'"harassment" (which it is not), hate speech laws have' b"generally been struck down by the courts. i don't see" b"how the words ``don't kill your baby'' or ``abortion is" b"murder'' could be considered harassment." b'' b' anti-abortionists have lost the battle for public' b' opinion, and the more psychopathic among them have' b' turned to harassment, arson, bombing and murder to' b' carry on their war. there is no reason not to' b' restrain them to protect the ordinary civil rights' b' of everyone else.' b'' b'some of the protesters were arrested for simply praying' b'quietly on a public sidewalk. yeah, i could see how' b'that might be equivalent to "bombing" and "murder".' b'uh huh. let us know when you get a grip on reality.' b'' b'' b'( blg. grn. sta., ny ny b'' b'' b'doug holtsinger' b'' 