b'' b':' b': as noted in another thread (limiting govt), the problem libertarians face' b': is insuring that the "limited government" they seek does not become the' b': tool of private interests to pursue their own agenda.' b':' b': believe it or not, we "liberals" are frequently as opposed to' b': anti-competitive measures as you "conservatives." we don\'t believe,' b': however, that competition will necessarily be protected by the actions' b': of business interests in a "free-market." after all, in the example' b': you cite, it was not "liberals" that pressed for such regulations, but' b': good staunch conservative businessmen.' b':' b': as adam smith so eloquently demonstrated, the "free-market" is not' b': something that capitalists seek to protect when they can profit from' b': its elimination. the same point was made by marx a point of agreement' b': between the two theorists that should tell us something.' b'' b'i do not want the government to become a tool of private interests.' b'limited government cannot insure that private interests will not use' b'this government for their own agenda.' b'' b'agreed.' b'' b'but this is not a failure of libertarianism. it is the fact that' b'"utopia is not an option." there is no single system where everything' b'is perfect.' b'' b'it is a failure of libertarianism if the ideology does not provide any' b'reasonable way to restrain such actions other than utopian dreams. just' b'as marxism "fails" to specify how pure communism is to be achieved and' b'the state is to "wither away," libertarians frequently fail to show how' b'weakening the power of the state will result in improvement in the human' b'condition.' b'' b'so it is wise to look' b'for the best solution. if you compare countries to see which ones' b'people would rather live in, which ones have less starvation, hunger,' b'poverty, and misery, you will find that they have a more limitted' b'government than countries with alot of poverty, misery and suffering.' b'no, limitted government cannot "insure" anything, but it sure is better' b'than the alternative (big government.)' b'' b'this is a strawman argument and fails on several grounds. in this case,' b'"limited" and "big" government are not defined. i would point out that' b'lebanon, somalia, and the former yugoslavia are by some definitions nations' b'with "limited" government, while the us, canada, and nations in western' b'europe (where "people would rather live") are often pointed out as' b'nations with "big government" from a libertarian point of view.' b'' b'the argument is not between those who want "limited" government and those' b'who want "unlimited" government. it is between those who believe' b'government regulation in a capitalist economy serves worthwhile ends and' b'those who believe such regulation is neither desirable on empirical' b'grounds nor justifiable on ideological grounds.' b'' b'jsh' b'--' b'paul schmidt: advocates for self-government, davy crockett chapter president' b'--' b'"one thing about data, it sure does cut| uucp: ...!uunet!isc-br!thor!steveh' b'the bulls**t." r. hofferbert ma bell: 