b'' b'tes:' b'writes:' b'rites:' b' boy, it looks like the wod is working really good to stop people from' b' being screwed up in the head, given that example!' b'' b"(issue: your friend _got_ his drugs--legal or not legal, he'll continue to" b'get them. issue why should _i_, as somebody who does not use illegal' b'drugs and who is not "screwed up" have to pay for this idiot\'s problems? he' b"'s" b'not doing anybody any harm except himself. the wod, on the other hand, is a' b'n' b'immediate threat to my life and livelyhood. tell me why i should sacrafice' b'this to that!).' b'' b"hello, is there anybody in there? you think you have to pay for this idiot's" b"problem now, who's going to pay for the ballooning number of addicts and" b"all of the associated problems with them. i don't even want to think about" b'it with hillary in the white house and an administration that "feels our' b'pain".' b'' b'look, if you were truly for lower taxation and less government, you would not' b'be advocating the wod. ever wonder why the wod is a bi-partisan issue?' b'' b'' b'no harm but to himself? what about when he drives his school bus full' b'of kids into a train. when he gets stoned and drives up on a sidewalk' b'and kills people. when he lives off me on welfare for the rest of his' b'life.' b'' b"ridiculous. i can't imagine anyone this stupid. forgive me for flaming," b'but this is sooooooo obvious!' b'' b'tell me why any of the above cases cannot be caused be a legal drug, viz.' b'alcohol, or are you for having a war on that, too?' b'' b"now i'll tell you: more people are killed by alcohol-related accidents" b'than all other drugs combined. by far.' b'' b'' b'probably because more people have access to alchohol. it is legal you know.' b'' b'' b'' b'the problem with the wod is that it has no bite. sending the slimy' b"bastards to the chair for selling drugs to kids, now there's some bit." b'' b'' b"yeah, that's it, send a kid from the inner-city, who has no other viable" b'means to make money and turns to selling drugs, to an over-crowded federal' b'prison where he learns to do real crime.' b'' b'' b'of course, this kid would be much better off selling crack to his neighborhood' b'and helping in its demise.' b'' b'without drug money being pumped into these blights from the (affluent)' b'outside, there would be no crime (who would they steal from, each other?).' b'drugs bring money into the community just like any other business would,' b'except that, since drugs are illegal, the economy is an underground one.' b'' b'and if those drugs were legal, the neighborhood could legally go to hell.' b'' b'a self-sustaining underground economy can only proliferate by a constant' b'willful infusion of money from the outside. if you take away drug laws,' b'you put an end to the underground economy, and therefore to large-scale' b'crime.' b'' b'' b'and if we made murder legal, we would put an end to murder as a crime.' b'' b'kids in the inner-cities are faced with a very tough life growing up' b'there, or selling drugs and having everything at their fingertips instantly.' b'many kids choose selling drugs. they sell products to people who want to' b'buy them. they make money off of rich white kids from the suburbs. then' b'they go to prison. then they become hardened criminals, and learn that' b"you're much better off stealing car-stereos in the suburbs because all" b'the police forces are spending all their money in the inner city saving' b'people from themselves.' b'' b'what??????' b'' b'' b'you can bring up all the examples you want about crack-babies and whathaveyou.' b'the solution never has anything to do with the laws (crack is illegal).' b'' b'' b'so you are saying crack babies who are that way legally are okay?' b'' b'no social problem, however great, is worth destroying the freedom in america.' b'the destruction of freedom is never an answer to any social problem.' b'' b"you can't even walk down the street at night alone in america because of drugs." b'freedom my ass.' b'' b'ryan' 