b'' b'' b'' b'the white house' b'' b'' b'office of the press secretary' b'' b'' b'for immediate release april b'' b'' b'' b'president names officials at' b'transportation, commerce, defense, and opic' b'' b'' b'' b'(washington, dc) president clinton announced his intention' b'today to nominate albert herberger to be administrator of the' b'federal maritime administration, loretta dunn to be assistant' b'secretary of commerce for import administration, and christopher' b'finn to be executive vice president of the overseas private' b'investment corporation.' b'' b'additionally, he has approved the appointments of joan yim' b'to be deputy administrator of the federal maritime' b'administration, alice maroni to be principal deputy comptroller' b'of the department of defense, and deborah castelman to be deputy' b'assistant secretary of defense for command, control, and' b'communications.' b'' b'"we are continuing to move forward with putting together a' b'government of excellent, diverse americans who share my' b'commitment to changing the way that washington works," said the' b'president. "these six people i am naming today fit that bill."' b'' b'biographical sketches of the nominees are attached.' b'' b'' b'' b'###' b'' b'biographical sketches of nominees' b'april b'' b'' b'albert herberger, a thirty-five year navy veteran who' b'retired with the rank of vice admiral, is the vice president of' b'the international planning and analysis center (ipac). among the' b'positions he held during his naval service were deputy commander-' b'in-chief of the u.s. transportation command, director of' b'logistics on staff for the atlantic fleet commander-in-chief, and' b'director of the military personnel policy division for the office' b'of naval operations. a surface warfare expert and a merchant' b'marine officer with over eighteen years operational experience,' b'herberger is also vice chairman of the national defense' b"transportation association's sealift committee. he is a graduate" b'of the u.s. merchant marine academy and the naval postgraduate' b'school.' b'' b'loretta dunn has served on the staff of the senate committee' b'on commerce, science, and transportation since since b"she has been the committee's senior trade counsel, responsible" b'for drafting trade legislation and reports, planning and' b'conducting hearings, managing legislation on the senate floor and' b'in conferences with the house, overseeing a variety of executive' b'branch agencies, including the department of commerce. she was' b'previously a staff counsel for the committee. dunn holds a b.a.' b'in history from the university of kentucky, a j.d. from the' b'university of kentucky college of law, and an l.m. from the' b'georgetown university law center.' b'' b'christopher finn is the executive vice president of equities' b'for the american stock exchange. previous positions he has held' b'have included senior vice president of the air and water' b'technologies corporation, chief of staff to senator daniel p.' b'moynihan, deputy commissioner of the new york state department of' b'economic development, and chief legislative aide to congressman' b'james r. jones. finn is a graduate of harvard college.' b'' b'joan yim is a professional planner with over years' b'experience in community based planning, policy analysis, project' b'design and management, inter-agency coordination and government' b'affairs. from she was with the hawaii office of state' b'planning as a planner on issues relating to natural resource and' b'coastal zone management and public infrastructure financing,' b'among other issues. currently, she is supervising planner with' b'the honolulu firm of parsons brinckerhogg quade douglas.' b'before going to work for the state, she was executive' b'neighborhood commission secretary for the city and county of' b'honolulu, and chair on the kaneohe community planning committee.' b'a democratic national committeewoman, yim holds a b.a. from' b'connecticut college and pursued graduate studies at the' b'university of hawaii.' b'' b'(more)' b'' b'april b'page two' b'' b'' b'alice maroni is a professional staff member of the house' b'armed services committee specializing in defense budget issues.' b'she previously worked as a national defense specialist in the' b'foreign affairs and national defense division of the' b'congressional research service, and as an international risk' b'analyst for rockwell international. she has written extensively' b'on defense budget related topics. maroni received her b.a. from' b'mount holyoke college, and an m.a. from the fletcher school of' b'law and diplomacy at tufts university. she has also completed' b'the senior service program at the national war college and' b"harvard's program for senior executives in national and" b'international security.' b'' b'deborah castleman is currently on leave from rand, where she' b'is a space and defense policy analyst. she was an advisor to the' b'clinton/gore campaign on space, science and technology, and' b'national security issues. prior to joining rand in b'castleman held engineering positions with the hughes space and' b'communications group, general dynamics, and electrac, inc. she' b'served as an avionics technician in the air force from b'castleman holds a b.s. in electrical and electronic engineering' b'from california state polytechnic university, m.s. in electrical' b'engineering from the california institute of technology, and m.a.' b'in international studies from claremont graduate school.' b'' b'###' b'' b'' b'' 