b'' b'' b'' b'/* "nlns packet b'' b'fascism with a friendly face: does rush limbaugh remind you of' b'anyone?' b'daevid bornhuetter-machen, the madison edge' b'' b'"the main difference between adolf hitler and rush limbaugh is that' b'hitler was original and showed initiative."' b'--mort sahl on the tom snyder radio show, abc radio network,' b'october b'' b'(nlns)--believe it or not, i was planning this comparative review of' b"mein kampf and limbaugh's transcribed rant, the way things ought to" b"be before sahl issued his comparative review. as usual, sahl's was" b'independent and sharp as a scalpel.' b"my effort can only dream of comparing favorably to mort's. at" b"least it has a fairly popular orginating premise; everyone i'd mention the" b'idea to thought it was either divinely inspired or at least past due for' b'delivery.' b'those reactions are based on parallels that should be obvious to the' b'most peripheral observer of the acts of those false prophets. both are' b'noted for their galvanizing oratorical skills, which they both used with' b'passion to generate a political cult of massive numerical proportions (in' b'fact, limbaugh claims to have an audience of just over million, almost' b'identical to the number of votes cast for hitler in the april german' b'election). both used a myopic social perspective to build the cult, and' b'enthusiastically amputated facts from the record to fabricate their' b'ideological quilt.' b'the last point is glaringly documented by passages in the opening' b"pages of both books. hitler's example is when, on page he claims the" b'german nationalist terrorist leo schlageter (he bombed part of a railway' b'line between dusseldorf and duisburg, being caught in the act, in b'was "betrayed to france by a representative of his government" when' b'there has never been any factual foundation for such a statement.' b'in fact, the governments of both the reich and prussia, as well as' b'the vatican, actively intervened to save him from execution, and almost' b'succeeded. limbaugh follows suit by making the hysterically sarcastic' b'claim in his introduction that "in a school or during a commencement' b'ceremony or many other public places... god is unconstitutional." of' b"course, it's not god but the official imposition of particular concepts of" b"god against an individual's will that's unconstitutional. but limbaugh is" b'too gleeful in his talent for distortion to want you to know that.' b'of course, one would assume that, by comparing the two books,' b'my main point would be that the way things ought to be is the modern' b'american mein kampf. not really. at the time of the first german version' b'of mein kampf, hitler was just four months out of prison (june, b'and trying to reorganize the nazis. he used the book to build his dozen' b'million followers. limbaugh, on the other hand, came up with his book' b'after building his dozen million. twelve million went a longer way in' b'weimar germany that it does in the republicrat united states.' b"thus, the more accurate parallels would be that limbaugh's daily" b'three-hour radio show is the american mein kampf, the primary' b'propoganda tool used to pump up the angry volume; and that the way' b'things ought to be is actually the american triumph of the will, a' b'translation of the same fascist message into a different medium. also, the' b'printed word was the more important medium in weimar germany, since' b'radio was still being thought of by impoverished germans as a medium of' b'luxury in today, on the other hand, americans are more likely to' b'spend a few seconds to tune a radio dial at no monetary charge than drop' b'$22 for pages of transcripts of the same words.' b'but, as mort sahl also observed on the radio the other night, some' b'cloutmeister of the radical right wants limbaugh to be a focal point of' b'their propoganda. (and remember, sahl is an al haig conservative these' b'days.)' b"mort might not know exactly who rush's equivalent of rodolf" b'hess is (the book itself suggests ed mclaughlin, the former president of' b"abc radio and now limbaugh's partner in efm media, the radio" b"program's production company). but mort himself is a veteran of the talk" b'show, having hosted them in new york, washington and los angeles. he' b'knows what evil lurks in the hearts of major market media men. he knows' b'that limbaugh could not have collected his audience had not the' b'opportunity been placed on a silver platter and handed to him. limbaugh' b"earns his money just as honestly as al capone did; it's almost worthy of a" b'rico indictment.' b'on questions of social issues, there is an overabundance of' b"material in the limbaugh book that seems to echo hitler's venom. for" b'example:' b'' b'on their own qualifications to control society' b'hitler: "out of the host of sometimes millions of people, who' b'individually more or less clearly and distinctly guess the truth, partly' b"perhaps understand it, one man [author's emphasis] must step forward in" b'order to form, with apodeictic force, out of the wavering world of' b'imagination of the great masses, granite principles, and to take up the fight' b'for their sole correctness, until out of the playing waves of a free world of' b'thought a brazen rock of uniform combination of form and will arises"' b'(page b'limbaugh: "who needs the media when they\'ve got me? the' b'show is devoted exclusively to what i think [the phrase "with half my' b'brain tied behind my back to make it even"] denotes the egress of mental' b'aptitude i require to engage and demolish liberals and others who disagree' b"with me it might take four or five years, but i'm convinced the media" b'will slowly and reluctantly come around to my way of thinking, kicking' b'and screaming all the way." (pages and respectively.)' b'' b'on religion as the basis of a nation' b'hitler: "in this world human culture and civilization are' b'inseperably bound up with the existence of the aryan. his dying-off or his' b'decline would again lower upon this earth the dark veils of a time without' b'culture he who dares to lay hand upon the highest image of the lord' b'sins against the benevolent creator of this miracle and helps in the' b'expulsion from paradise." (page b'limbaugh: "america was founded as a judeo-christian country b'but our intellectual and political elites are often either hostile or' b'ambivalent toward religion people for whom belief in god is at best a' b'charming superstition have managed to ban prayer from the public schools' b'for the last thirty years. is it only a coincidence that the quality of' b'american education has declined ever since?" (pages b'' b'on popular culture as a reason for social collapse' b'hitler: "the fight against the poisoning of the soul has to set in b'one has only to look at the menus of our movie houses, vaudevilles and' b'theatres; and one can hardly deny that this is not the right kind of food b'theatre, art, literature, movies, the press, billposters and window displays' b'must be cleaned of the symptoms of a rotting world and put into the' b'service of a moral idea of state and culture." (pages and b'limbaugh: "today, hollywood is in trouble. the reason [is] that' b'hollywood has forgotten who its audience is they make fun of people' b'who believe in god. they ridicule the traditional family, heterosexuality' b'and monagamy. they disparage american heroes." (page b'' b'on the news meida' b'hitler: "the activity of the so-called liberal press was the work of' b'gravediggers for the german people and the german reich. one can pass' b"by in silence the marxist papers of lies it's task is only to break the" b"people's folkish and national spine, in order to make it ripe for the yoke of" b'slavery of international capital and its masters, the jews." (page b'limbaugh: "elements of the media have jumped on the' b'bandwagon of leftist causes. the cynical journalist of the past has been' b'replaced in many cases by an enthusiastic cheerleader for causes during' b'the gulf war, cnn correspondent bernard shaw [said] cnn is a global' b"network. we can't take sides. cant take sides? if they don't" b'realize that their freedom lies in the united states of america and that' b'therefore they should defend this nation, they are hopelessly misguided' b'and, may i suggest, flirting with megalomania." (pages and b'' b'* b'' b'to continue these comparative excerpts is certainly possible, but' b'ultimately too depressing to take in one reading.' b'after putting these books down, there is one undeniable fact that' b'haunts me. in the 1920s, adolf hitler fed depressed and frightened' b'germans the opiate of hatred of those around them; in turn, it allowed' b'germans to hand their collective national power to the nazis. in the 1990s,' b'rush limbaugh is doing the very same thing: distributing hatred to' b'depressed and frightened americans; in turn, it is helping the american' b'radical right to maintain its power base as the 12-year nightmare of the' b'reagan-bush era comes to an end, hoping to rebuild it into their hopes for' b'the fascist states of america.' b'and if limbaugh is not as repellant a hitler, it is only because the' b'radical right utilizes limbaugh as its own gateway opiate. one can only' b'wonder what the ultimate drug is they plan to hook america on.' b'' b'the madison edge can be reached at po box madison, wi b'0845; b'' b'--- b'' b'' 