b'' b'' b'' b"(no axe to grind here i'm just a scientist and i hate to see statistics abused.)" b'' b"pity you didn't say something about the use of statistics to justify" b'targeting and persecuting a minority, then.' b'' b'men are men and they all like sex. i am a gay male. i have had sex three' b'times in my life, all with the same man. before that, i was a virgin.' b'' b'i am a hetero man and have had sex with one woman in my life (my wife). it is' b'very pleasing to me to be able to say that. i hope you have the same feeling' b'as i do. i also wish that you could (if you wanted) experience the joys and' b'trials of being committed to someone for life (there is something about marriage' b'that makes the commitment much greater than one might expect).' b'' b"what in the tree makes you think we queers can't experience that commitment?" b"what's stopping us from committing to one partner for the rest of our lives?" b'i have every intention of doing so, once i find the right person...and' b'whether that person is male or female, i seriously doubt that a church' b'ceremony/public vow/licence will make any difference whatsoever in the sort' b'of commitment i experience with that person. you have no conception of the' b'difference marriage makes since you have never known any other way.' b'' b'' b'statistics alone prove that most criminals are by default hetero...' b'' b"don't forget about the culture. sadly, we don't (as a society) look upon" b'homosexuality as normal (and as we are all too well aware, there are alot' b'of people who condemn it). as a result, the gay population is not encouraged' b'to develop "non-promiscuous" relationships. in fact there are many roadblocks' b'put in the way of such committed relationships. it is as if the heterosexual' b'community puts these blocks there so as to perpetuate the claim that gays' b'are immoral. "my, if we allowed gays to marry, raise children we might' b'just find out they\'re as moral as we are, can\'t have that can we?"' b'' b"you're getting to the right idea here...just be careful of making statements" b"like the above, and you'll be part of the solution and not the problem." b'' b'just some thoughts. flame away. b'' b'no flames necessary. b'' b'drywid' b'--' b'----bi andrew d. simchik\t\t\t\t\tschnopia!' b'\\\\ b'\\/ "words weren\'t made for cowards"--happy rhodes' 