b'' b'' b'' b':this is a strawman argument and fails on several grounds. in this case,' b':"limited" and "big" government are not defined. i would point out that' b':lebanon, somalia, and the former yugoslavia are by some definitions nations' b':with "limited" government, while the us, canada, and nations in western' b':europe (where "people would rather live") are often pointed out as' b':nations with "big government" from a libertarian point of view.' b'' b'well, let me help by explaining the difference between a linited government' b'and a failed government. a limited government has its powers clearly' b'circumscribed, but is fully capable of enforcing its decisions within' b'those circumscribed areas. a failed government is incapable of' b'enforcing its decisions except sporadicly. two completely different beasts.' b'' b'of course, one again faces the question of how one circumscribes government' b'power (and keeps it circumscribed) in a complex society when it is in the' b'interest of neither capitalists nor consumers to refrain from using' b'government power for their own ends. but apart from that little' b'conundrum...' b'' b'it would seem that a society with a "failed" government would be an ideal' b'setting for libertarian ideals to be implemented. now why do you suppose' b'that never seems to occur?...' b'' b'' b':the argument is not between those who want "limited" government and those' b':who want "unlimited" government. it is between those who believe' b':government regulation in a capitalist economy serves worthwhile ends and' b':those who believe such regulation is neither desirable on empirical' b':grounds nor justifiable on ideological grounds.' b'' b'' b'..."regulation" is such a vauge word...' b'' b'i wouldn\'t call it "vague." i\'d call it elastic. all "regulation" is' b'not necessarily the same. by opposing all government regulation, some' b'libertarians treat every system from a command economy to those that' b"regulate relatively free markets as identical. that's one reason" b'many of the rest of us find their analysis to be simplistic.' b'' b'jsh' b'mr. grinch' b'--' b'"one thing about data, it sure does cut| uucp: ...!uunet!isc-br!thor!steveh' b'the bulls**t." r. hofferbert ma bell: 