b'' b'' b'' b'okay, let me try to explain this.' b'' b'when one votes for such a creature as a senator or, worse yet, a president,' b'one votes not for specific policies but for a general package which must cover' b"all issues for or years. as such, one's influence is highly diluted." b'i might add that, even if one were free to vote on individual regulations,' b'the vast amount of time required for considering a particular regulation,' b"combined with the very small chance of one's vote making a difference, would" b'make it unreasonable to expect the voter to make an intelligent decision' b'with respect to specific regulations.' b'' b"i'm afraid that i've lost the thread here. i didn't suggest that all" b"government regulations be subject to referenda. so i don't follow the" b'comments above.' b'' b'' b'' b':sorry, but it strikes me that it is the only "feasible" approach. what is' b':not feasible is a wholesale attack on all government regulation and' b':licensing that treats cutting hair and practicing medicine as equivalent' b':tasks.' b'' b'i\'m not sure what you mean by "feasible" in this case. do you mean that' b'[] are impossible in priciple, or merely that it would be undesirable in' b'fact?' b'' b'i mean that an ideology that treats all government regulation as equally' b'undesirable and seeks to abolish all regulations is unlikely to draw' b'support among more than a miniscule portion of the electorate.' b'' b'furthermore, i am suggesting that such a plan is not feasible in an' b'industrial society because the weight of litigation and/or misery it' b'would produce would effectively crush productive effort.' b'' b'' b':actually, the only areas of public spending above that strike me as' b':generating substantial support among libertarians are police and defense.' b':(it is an interesting aside that as committed as libertarians claim to' b':be to a principle of non-coercion, the only areas of public spending' b':that they frequently support involve hiring people with guns....hmmm...)' b'' b'you say this as if it were surprising, yet in fact a necessary consequence' b'of libertarian philosophy. all non-coersive functions should be dealt' b'with privately, therefore it follows that the only functions remaining to' b'the state are the coersive ones.' b'' b"no, i'm not surprised. i just think it's interesting that on one hand" b'libertarians assume a limited government can be decreed, yet on the other' b'posit an entire government made up of people who carry guns. (i realize' b'that many libertarians assume that such a government will be' b'counterbalanced by a fully armed citizenry, but it is worth noting that' b'widespread civilian ownership of guns does not necessarily prevent the' b'establishment of totalitarian government, e.g. iraq.)' b'' b'' b':perhaps you have. may i suggest that you consider that revolutionaries' b':frequently generate support by acting as protectors of "geezers,"' b':mothers and children. governments that ignore such people on the grounds' b':that "we don\'t have much to fear" from them do so at their own peril.' b'' b"much more likely it's drunken teenagers. the groups in questionare more" b'likely to be worse off during and after a revolution than before.' b'in the unlikely' b'event that you missed my earlier sarcasm, let me say this directly:' b'the idea that such programs as social security or afdc should be considered' b'"defense" (an idea which has been advanced in ths and other newsgroups) is' b'so absurd a lie as to be unworthy of consideration. do you seriously' b'dispute this?' b'' b'yup, sure do. but since i also support the constitutional requirement' b'that the government provide for the general welfare (article i section b"i'm willing to justify such programs on that basis." b'' b'' b"\ti don't want to seem patronizing, but you still seem to be laboring" b'under the delusion that under a socialized economic system it is reasonably' b'intelligent and honest persons (like yourself) who make the decisions.' b'i feel any third party added to a transaction is every bit as likely to be' b"ignorant or corrupt as the buyer or seller. i don't expect you to agree" b"with me, but you explain why you feel i'm wrong?" b'' b'well, in the first place, i don\'t support a "socialized economic system."' b'i think within limits that capitalism is a fine idea. but it is not' b'the case that "any third party...is...as likely to be ignorant or corrupt' b'as the buyer or seller." there are multitudes of examples where such a' b'statement is demonstrably false. regulation of stock market transactions' b'that provide a reasonable basis for buyers to avoid fraud is only one' b'example.' b'' b'jsh' b'' b'mr. grinch' b'--' b'"one thing about data, it sure does cut| uucp: ...!uunet!isc-br!thor!steveh' b'the bulls**t." r. hofferbert ma bell: 