b'' b'' b' so what?' b'' b'so this bolsters the contention that many homosexuals are liars.' b'' b'so if this study is proved wrong then it proves that heterosexuals' b'are liars? unlike the propaganda spouted by the far right the ten' b'percent figure was backed up by the best study available at the time.' b"its hardly certain that this new study is correct since it hasn't" b'even been out for enough time for any double checking to happen.' b'' b'the alan guttmacher institute, btw, is funded by planned parenthood,' b'so it hardly qualifies as a bastion of conservatism, or of "family' b'values".' b'' b'of course if they had found then it would be invalid because it' b'was funded by planned parenthood b'' b' it will be interesting to see the reaction when 2.5million queers' b' gather in washington dc. after all if there are only 6million of' b' us then this is an event unprecidented in history...' b'' b'this preassumes that million queers will show up on april 25th.' b"there won't be anywhere near that many. go ahead make my day b'promote that number. that way, it will surely be a much greater' b'embarrassment and slap in the face to homosexual activists when the' b'crowds are much smaller.' b'' b'even if its "only" one million the point still stands. even getting' b'1/6th of a given population in one place would be unprecidented.' b'if even million show up in dc it will raise serious doubts about' b'this study, or indicate a resolve unprecidented in human history.' b'' b"btw, have you noticed that even slick willie isn't going to be in town" b'that day?' b'' b"he isn't the target of the march, nor do presidents often speak at" b'civil rights marchs (of course it would have been nice). however' b'the republicans and conservative democrats would do well to take' b'notice.' b'' b'' b' b' join the pythagorean reform church! b' repent of your evil irrational numbers b' and bean eating ways. accept into your heart! b' b' call the pythagorean reform church bbs at b'' b'the above smacks of antihispanic bigotry.' b'' b'this is quite amusing. obviously you know nothing about the history' b'of math.' b'--' b'------ join the pythagorean reform church! b'\\ repent of your evil irrational numbers b'\\ and bean eating ways. accept into your heart! b'\\/ call the pythagorean reform church bbs at b'' 