b'' b'' b'[ these two paragraphs are from two different posts. in splicing them' b"together it is not my intention to change steve's meaning or misrepresent" b"him in any way. i don't *think* i've done so. b'' b'as noted in another thread (limiting govt), the problem libertarians face' b'is insuring that the "limited government" they seek does not become the' b'tool of private interests to pursue their own agenda.' b'' b'it is a failure of libertarianism if the ideology does not provide any' b'reasonable way to restrain such actions other than utopian dreams. just' b'as marxism "fails" to specify how pure communism is to be achieved and' b'the state is to "wither away," libertarians frequently fail to show how' b'weakening the power of the state will result in improvement in the human' b'condition.' b'' b'part of what started this was my earlier example of illinois, usa requiring' b'anyone doing more than x automobile transfers a year (x i think)' b'to become licensed as a used car dealer. in addition, it requirs anyone' b"with a used car dealer's license to own at least cars at a time, all the" b'time.' b'' b"let me continue with this example and try to answer steve's questions." b'' b"steve, let's say you have the talent and inclination to fix up and resell" b"cars. either you've gotten good enough at it in your spare time to bump" b'up against these limits, or you would like to do it full-time but these' b'stupid, arbitrary laws prevent you from starting out small and pulling' b"yourself up. so i'm protected from a hungry neighborhood competitor willing" b"to take a low profit while working extra hard to fulfill my needs, and you're" b'protected from doing what you want with your life.' b'' b"here's what i see libertarianism offering you:" b'' b'your money is truly yours; it belongs to you. you can use it to buy a car.' b'if you use it to buy a car, it is truly your car; it belongs to you. you' b'can use your money to fix up that car. since it is your car, you can sell' b'that car.' b'' b'your life is truly yours; it belongs to you. it matters not if someone' b'thinks that it\'s "wrong" for you to buy and sell cars within months' b'rather than, say, cars. they may dissaprove, but it is not their life or' b'their money, it is your life and your money.' b'' b'my money is truly mine; it belongs to me. i can use it to buy a car.' b'perhaps your car. perhaps that 10th car, the one that someone, somewhere' b'dissaproves of you selling and, presumably, of me buying.' b'' b'that someone could go to the government and insist that the government make' b'us stop it. but the government would be powerless to stop us from doing' b'what we like with our own property, in the abscence of fraud or agression.' b'and it would be powerless to stop us from associating with each other.' b'' b'this does not seem to me to be a utopian dream, but basic human decency' b'and common sense. a real grass-roots example of freedom and liberty.' b'and yes, not having a few people acting as our masters, approving or' b'rejecting each of our basic transactions with each other, does strike me' b'as a wonderful way to improve the human condition.' b'' b'thanks awfully,' b'patrick' b'' 