b'' b'' b"\tno, i'm saying any long term investor (the ones likely to have large" b'capital gains) would be foolish to sell in order to avoid a tax hike that a)' b'might disappear in any given year and b) be overcome in a year or two by' b'accumlated gains.' b'' b'to which my response is--so what? not all people who pay capital gains' b"taxes are long term investors. more than enough of them aren't for there" b'to be huge blip whenever capital gains taxes get raised.' b' i never said that *everyone* would find this advantageous. i said that' b'more than enough would for the result to be readily noticeable and distort' b'"trends".' b'' b"even if brett's eventual-return figures were correct and they" b"clearly weren't he'd still be wrong about the cause for the b'blip because he fails to consider basic factors:' b'' b'1) as ted notes, not everyone is a long-term investor. one might find' b'oneself, as i did in late anticipating expenses in the near term' b'that require selling off holdings. given the choice between waiting a' b'few weeks (and taking an extra tax hit) or selling in december with' b'preferential tax treatment, only a fool would choose the former.' b'' b'2) the fact that brett can now construct _post hoc_ calculations of' b'what would have been more beneficial to investors is in many respects' b'beside the point. there was plenty of _money_-style advice given to' b'unsophisticated investors in late to "sell now and save on' b'taxes." in case anyone missed it, there was no shortage of similar' b'advice late last year (in the nytimes, e.g.), even though that advice' b'was based not on the foregone conclusion of enacted law (as in b'but merely on the *assumption* that clinton would raise tax rates' b'(without capping cg taxes, contrary to the current proposal).' b'' b"it's nice to think that investors always behave in their optimal" b'economic interest. like assuming weightless ropes and frictionless' b'pulleys, though, this sort of thinking often fails to describe' b'accurately what happens in the real world.' b'' b'' b'--' b'moral: always choose the right sort of parents' b'before you start in to be rough' b'- george ade' 