b'' b'' b'the article that follows was taken from the wednesday, april b'1993 issue of usa today ("drug use up at younger age" by mike' b'snider, p. 1a).' b'' b'drug use is on the rise among kids as young as eighth graders b"usually and they're using more lsd and inhalants like glue" b'and air fresheners, says a new survey.' b'' b'the annual national high school senior survey on drug abuse finds' b'"statistically significant increases" in eighth-graders\' use of' b'many drugs, including marijuana, cocaine, crack, lsd and inhalants.' b'' b'"we may be in danger of losing some hard-won ground (in reducing' b'drug use) as a new, more naive generation of youngsters enters' b'adolescence," says lloyd johnston, university of michigan, chief' b'researcher on the study sponsored by the department of health and' b'human services.' b'' b'but drug use among high school seniors is continuing a decade-long' b'decline.' b'' b'the study of students shows the percentage who tried the' b'following in the days before they were polled:' b'' b'* 8th-graders alcohol cigarettes marijuana b'cocaine b'' b'* 10th-graders alcohol cigarettes marijuana b'cocaine b'' b'* 12th-graders alcohol cigarettes marijuana b'cocaine b'' b'among 12th-graders, use of marijuana, cocaine and inhalants' b'declined over the year before. not so with lsd.' b'' b'* of eighth-graders have tried lsd in the last year, up b'over b'' b'* use of lsd among seniors is at its highest point since b'tried it in the last year.' b'' b'reducing drug use among students "requires a different kind of' b'strategy" that health secretary donna shalala says will be part' b'of an overall illness prevention plan.' b'' b'the survey shows drugs are easier to get and fewer eighth-graders' b'disapprove of them.' b'' b'"it\'s scary," shalala says. "dealers are focusing on younger, more' b'vulnerable kids."' b'' b'' b'scott kennedy, brewer and patriot' b'' b'before: "david koresh is a cheap thug who interprets' b'the bible through the barrel of a gun..." --atf spokesman' b'after: "[the atf] is a cheap thug who interprets' b'[the constitution] through the barrel of a gun..." --me' b'' b'' 