b'' b'' b'' b'' b" top ten signs that it's the age of aquarius on pennsylvania avenue" b'' b'' b'' b'10. men in uniform are persona non grata in the home of our commander in' b' chief.' b'' b"9. algore's enviro-mentalism will make the clean air act look like an" b' industrial policy.' b'' b'8. higher taxes are once again the prescription for all that ails america.' b'' b'7. tax dodging is unpatriotic; draft dodging is a symbol of pride.' b'' b'6. beaded curtains hang from the oval office windows.' b'' b'5. socialism may be dead in the ex-soviet union but we are told to prepare' b' for the nationalization of our health care resources. (these people' b' must be inhaling something.)' b'' b'4. not quite free love but eating flowers is considered healthy.' b'' b'3. the feminazis have a president in the white house whether the rest of' b' us realize it or not.' b'' b'2. slick may be the first draft dodger to send american troops into' b' combat.' b'' b"1. slick may be unpopular with middle-class americans, but he's a big hit" b' on campus with the professorial class.' b'' b'' b'' b'copyright (c) edward a. ipser, jr., b'' b'' b"here's my own top ten response to mr. ipser's list" b'' b'' b"10. it's about time we have a president that might actually stand up to the" b'military. our men and women in uniform must learn that the world does not' b"revolve around them, and that one of the things they're out there defending" b'is our right to be critical of them, even denounce them.' b'' b'9. let me explain something to you. environmental policy and industrial' b'policy must go hand in hand. our nation, and indeed, our planet cannot' b'afford to continue ignoring this as was done over the last twelve years.' b'our industrial/environmental position has been downright shameful! we' b'must have active government support of the key industries such as,' b'telecommunications, microelectronics, medical, biotech, and environmental' b'tech. meanwhile weed out old, inneficient, high-polution, industries' b'that are better left to other nations. this will make us richer, help' b'produce new jobs, and help the environment. to give credit where credit' b'is due, i heard a lot of this in a speech by senator john kerry (d-ma)' b"tonite. in addition, it's time we get really, really serious about" b'issues like overpopulation, globabl warming, and ozone depletion. the' b'planet on which we live should be our utmost priority!' b'' b'8. it just so happens that that it takes money to make this country work,' b'to provide the services that people need, and to help solve the problems' b'that need to be solved. granted, some things can probably be done more' b'efficiently for less money, and should be. but some things are going to' b"cost more money and i'm sick and tired of hearing everyone whining about" b'taxes all the time. you want to live in my country, you pay your fair' b'share!' b'' b"7. i can't believe what hypocrites people are when they ask people to give" b"up their lives for their country and then complain about taxes. if you're" b'willing to send me off to die for some stupid obsession with fighting an' b"enemy which at best doesn't affect us and at worst really should be our" b"friend, then you have no right to tell me you shouldn't pay taxes!" b'' b"6. hey, i think the beaded curtains add a lovely 60's-esque touch!" b'' b'5. look, canada, europe, and japan manage to provide health care for their' b'citizens (and, yes, basic health is a human right which people are' b"entitled to). if these nations aren't capitalist enough for you, then" b"i guess we've found something better than capitalism! there is nothing" b'sacred about the capitalist system, and if something, be it socialism' b'or anything else, works better, then i say let capitalism die.' b'' b'4. make love, not war!' b'' b'3. contrary to popular belief, it is possible to be a male and a feminist' b'at the same time. to discriminate against or to deny equal opportunity' b'to a majority of the population is just plain wrong, and trying to force' b'them into some sort of tradition role is even worse. women certainly' b'have as much to offer this world as men, and the day that gender' b'discrimination is finally broken it going to make all the revolutions of' b'the past few centuries seem like reform bills. i look forward to it.' b'' b'2. see number b'' b'1. hey man, acadamia rules!!' b'' b'' b'' b'-amar chaudhary' b'' b'peace, land, at matzoh!' b'"ac in dc in b'' b'none of the opinions here necessary reflect the opinions of yale university or' b'anyone or anything associated with it, except for me, of course b'' b'' b'' 