b'' b'' b"here's my own top ten response to mr. ipser's list" b'' b'8. it just so happens that that it takes money to make this country work,' b' to provide the services that people need, and to help solve the problems' b' that need to be solved. granted, some things can probably be done more' b' efficiently for less money, and should be. but some things are going to' b" cost more money and i'm sick and tired of hearing everyone whining about" b' taxes all the time. you want to live in my country, you pay your fair' b' share!' b'' b'some people pay shares that are more "fair" than others, and will continue' b'to do so, even with the presence of president clinton. until the rich' b'elite *hurt* from taxes and shower me with their blood dripping from the' b'wound of the tax dagger, i will scream and yell. because, taxes are' b"killing the poor and middle-class, and i'm tired of the wealthy getting" b'a free ride in this country. sure, they pay a lot of taxes, but i want' b'them to share my pain!!' b'' b'and, not even slick willy is *that* fair, is he, seeing that he and his' b"wife qualify as one of those wealthy people i was talking about? [they're" b'on the lower end of "wealthy", but "wealthy" they are.]' b'' b"7. i can't believe what hypocrites people are when they ask people to give" b" up their lives for their country and then complain about taxes. if you're" b' willing to send me off to die for some stupid obsession with fighting an' b" enemy which at best doesn't affect us and at worst really should be our" b" friend, then you have no right to tell me you shouldn't pay taxes!" b'' b'yah, i think the draft for vietnam was a sack of shit. but, do we get' b'to pick and choose which laws we obey, mr. chaudhary? if so, shall we' b'set up a "you follow the laws you like, and i\'ll follow the laws i' b'like" arrangement?' b'' b"6. hey, i think the beaded curtains add a lovely 60's-esque touch!" b'' b'i never thought much of beaded curtains.' b'' b'now beaded seat-covers, on the other hand....' b'' b'5. [health care is a human right--deleted]' b'' b"i didn't think i was going to respond to this, but i changed my mind." b'' b'tell me, why do you think health care is a human right?' b'' b"this isn't a flame or anything, i just wonder. next thing you know," b'free public transportation will be a human right. maybe membership' b'at prestigious health spas?' b'' b'[sorry to grease the hill on ya there....]' b'' b'4. make love, not war!' b'' b"be sure and wrap that wanker when you go spreadin' that free love stuff" b'around. (or, after the fda gets its thumb out of its ass, use that neat' b'new "reality" femi-condom.)' b'' b'3. contrary to popular belief, it is possible to be a male and a feminist' b' at the same time. to discriminate against or to deny equal opportunity' b' to a majority of the population is just plain wrong, and trying to force' b' them into some sort of tradition role is even worse. women certainly' b' have as much to offer this world as men, and the day that gender' b' discrimination is finally broken it going to make all the revolutions of' b' the past few centuries seem like reform bills. i look forward to it.' b'' b'so do i. amen. and all that.' b'' b'1. hey man, acadamia rules!!' b'' b'what the hell is an "acadamia" anyway? is that like a macadamia?' b'' b'cpk' b'--' b"it's been days. do you know where your wallet is?" b'' b"slick willy's already got his hand in my pocket. i'm just afraid" b'of what he might grab hold of.' 