b'' b'' b'not at all. you are apparently just another member of the religious left.' b'' b'' b'not at all. i am not a member of the religious left, right, or even' b"center. in fact i don't consider myself very religious at all this will" b'probably result in flames now in fact phil, you should leave' b'religion out of it. it just clouds the issue.' b'' b'show me all these environmental "disasters". most of them aren\'t. and the' b'natural disasters we have had individually far outweigh the man-made ones.' b'' b"how typical. so you think we shouldn't avoid these 'events' i shall" b'refrain from the word disaster since it seems to upset you so much. b"when we can. in case you didn't realize it, the natural disasters oops," b'sorry events you are refering to we have no control over. man-made' b'ones we do.' b'' b'i guess you missed the show on ch earlier this week about the disaster' b'[ oops there i go again... i meant to say event on the exxon valdez.' b'just a natural every day occurance to spread oil on miles of beach. i' b'would like to know which natural event hey i remembered not to say disaster b'that would be similar to this.' b'' b"most of your so-called disasters (love canal, times beach, tmi) aren't" b'disasters at all.' b'' b'hmm, i suppose you could be right. they are as natural as a tree, or a' b'sunrise. not b'' b'so look, if you want to worship trees (or owls or snails or whatever), fine, do' b"so. but don't try to push the scaredness of your religious off onto me." b'' b'' b'so look, if you want to worship a oil slick or toxic waste dump or live' b'in a house that has a cesspool in the front yard fine, you have my' b'permission to do so yea right like you need my permission... it just' b"won't be in the neighborhood where i live. but don't try to push your" b'shortsighted tunnelvision views off on the rest of us.' b'' b'--' b'| russell hockins there are people who believe that there is b'| innovative interfaces, inc. no such thing as an environmental disaster.|' b"| pretty weird... ain't it? 