b'' b'' b'the article that follows was taken from the wednesday, april b'issue of usa today ("drug use up among u.s. eighth-graders" by mike' b'snider, p. 6d).' b'' b'a new national survey says drugs are easier to get, more teens are' b'using them and fewer deem drug use as risky.' b'' b'for the last two years, government officials have trumpeted results' b'from the national high school survey as signs that the drug war is' b'being won. but this year, officials are retreating drug use by' b'eighth-graders has risen, according to the survey of students' b'nationwide.' b'' b'possible reason for the increase: more experimentation. why? if' b"drug use dropped during the '80s, eventually some students will" b'have fewer "drug-using contemporaries" who act as examples of' b"substance abuse's drawbacks, says social psychologist lloyd johnston," b'one of the survey authors. each new wave of youths "must be given' b'the knowledge, skills and motivation to resist using these drugs,"' b'johnston says.' b'' b'this type of resurgence "is possible," says eileen shiff, author of' b'"experts advise parents" (delta, but that\'s not the issue,' b'she says. the prevalence of alcohol and drugs among teens today' b'could result in more alcoholic adults decades from now.' b'' b'aggravating the problem: baby boomer parents who experimented with' b'drugs and alcohol as teens trying to be friends, not parents, to' b'their children. "i\'ve even seen parents serving kegs of beer" to' b'their underage kids and friends, shiff says. for a recent graduation,' b'shiff and other parents organized an all-night, "lock-in" party where' b'no booze or drugs were allowed. "we need to fulfill that parental' b'role, otherwise the peer group takes over," she says.' b'' b'officials may "talk about the war on drugs, but they really haven\'t' b'done anything that i\'ve seen," says suzanne linkous, scottsdale,' b'ariz., a volunteer who talks with teens about drugs, dating and' b'other issues on a peer counseling and suicide hot line. linkous, a' b'member of usa today\'s teen panel, says "there\'s always going to be' b'experimentation" with drugs.' b'' b'a real war on drugs could be waged "education-wise," she says. but' b'"some don\'t want to give kids the facts. they think it will give' b"them ideas; it's the same with birth control. i think you should" b'give the kids the information or have it accessible" through classes,' b'pamphlets and speakers, she says.' b'' b'education efforts need to start as soon as kids get in school in' b'kindergarten, says dallas owens, teen panelist from miami shores,' b'fla. "i remember in kindergarten, i used to see (drugs). i think' b'kids in the 10th and 12th grades have already made up their minds' b'(about using drugs)," he says.' b'' b"scare tactics in public service announcements aren't working; only" b'one commercial has gotten it right, he says. the commercial opens' b'with two "good-looking girls" in the restroom talking about having' b'no prom date. then they take a hit off a joint. "that hits home' b'because it\'s not attractive," he says. "you can\'t be doing drugs if' b'you want somebody to like you."' b'' b'' b"adolescents' choices" b'' b'drugs used by eighth graders in the last month:' b'estimated, per students' b'1991 pct. chg.' b'alcohol b'cigarettes b'marijuana b'amphetamines b'lsd b'cocaine b'crack b'' b'source: university of michigan institute for social research,' b'1993 report' b'' b'' b'scott kennedy, brewer and patriot' b'' b'before: "david koresh is a cheap thug who interprets' b'the bible through the barrel of a gun..." --atf spokesman' b'after: "[the atf] is a cheap thug who interprets' b'[the constitution] through the barrel of a gun..." --me' b'' b'' 