b'' b'#1' b'' b'clayton, my man...' b'' b'you are a tad out of touch....' b'' b'first, gay comunities all over the country are in the process of excluding nambla' b'from parades etc.' b'' b'#2' b'' b'nobody from nambla is gonna get a job in a day care centre. the same liberals you are' b'upset about are also passing laws that make tough background checks for childcare' b'people.' b'' b'#3' b'' b'tell me, how would you feel if your employer fired you for your antigay post on the' b'internet? would you be upset i`ll bet you would be pissed!' b'to some, your posts ,ight make the company look bad.' b'while your posts offend me i dont think it would be right for you to get fired over' b'it.' b'' b'i dont believe the gay comunity is asking for hiring quotas like the affirmative' b"action laws of the 60's did." b'my understanding is that the gay community just wants the same rights the srtraights' b'have. i dont think people should have their leases cancelled when their landlord' b'finds out they are gay. i dont think that when someone sees someone walk out of' b'a gay business and then blabs it all over work that the gay person gets fired.' b'do you really think these are justified b'' b'#4' b'' b'clayton, i am told you are a parent a couple times over.' b'have you been following the strip in the paper "for better or for worse" b'' b'i honestly want your opinion as a parent on the strip.' b'' b'do you really care about your childeren' b'as much as friends of mine tell me how much do you care about your childeren b"how much do you care about other people's childeren? do you care about my childeren?" b"do you care about my sister's childeren b'' b'if one of your kids told you he/she was gay, would you throw them out of your home' b'in the middle of the night?' b'' b'would you approve of your childeren driving down to san francisco to trow bottles' b'at and beat up on gay people? would you condone your childeren beating up on someone' b'elses childeren b'' b'' b'i await your answers to these queastions. please no flaming...' b'this is to be a civilised discussion, from one father to another.' b'' 