b'' b'the following statement was released' b'on february by the science b'environmental policy project' b'' b'as independent scientists researching atmosphere and climate problems, we are' b'concerned by the agenda for unced, the united nations conference on' b'environment and development, being developed by environmental and activists' b'groups and certain political leaders. this so called "earth summit" is' b'scheduled to convene in brazil in june and aims to impose a system of' b'global envionmental regulations, including onerous taxes on energy fuels, on' b'the population of the united states and other industrialized nations.' b'such policy initiatives derive from highly uncetain scientific theories. they' b'are based on the unsupported assumption that catastrophic global warming' b'follows from the burning of fossill fuels and requires immediate action. we' b'do not agree.' b'a survey of u.s. atmospheric scientists, conducted in the summer of b'confirms that there is no consesensus about the cause of the slight warming' b'observed during the past century. a recently published research paper even' b'suggests sunspot variability (which is directly proportional to solar' b'activity), rather than a rise in greenhouse gases is responsible for the' b'global temperature increases and decreases recoded since about b'futhermore, the majority of scientific participants in the survey agreed that' b'the theoretical climate climate models used to predict a future warming' b'cannot be relied upon and are not validated by the existing climate record.' b'yet all predictions are based on such theoretical models.' b'finally, agriculturalits generally agree that any increase in carbon dioxide' b'levels from fossil fuels burning has beneficial effects on most crops and on' b'world food supply.' b'we are disturbed that activists, anxious to stop energy and economic growth,' b'are pushing ahead with drastic policies without taking notice of recent' b'changes in the underlying science. we fear that the rush to impose global' b'regulations will have catastrophic impacts on the world economy, on jobs,' b'standards of living, and health care, with the most severe consequences' b'falling on developing countries and the poor.' b'david b. aubrey, phd, senior scintist, woods hole oceanographic institute.' b'nathaniel b. guttman, phd, research physical scientist, national climatic' b'data center. hugh b. ellsaesser, phd, meteorologist, lawerence livermore' b'national laboratory. richard lindzen, phd, center for meteorology and' b'physical meteorolgy, massachusetts institute of technology. robert c.' b'balling, phd, director, laboratory of climatology, arizona state university.' b'patrick micheals, phd, assoc. professor of environmental sciences,' b'universityy of virginia. roger pielke, phd, professor of atmospheric science,' b'colorado state university. micheal garstang, phd, professor of meteorology,' b'university of virginia. sherwood p. idso, phd, research physicist, u.s. water' b'conservation laboratory.' b'lev s. gandin phd, visiting scientist, national center for atmospheric' b'research. john a. mcginley, chief, forecast research group, forecast systems' b'laboratory, noaa. h. jean thiebaux, phd, research scientist, national' b'meterological center, national weather service, noaa. kenneth v. beard, phd,' b'professor of atmospheric physics, university of illinois. paul w. mielke, jr.' b'phd, professor, department of statistics, colorado state university. thomas' b'lockhart, meteorological standards institute.' b'peter f. giddings, meterologist, weather service director. hazen a. bedke,' b'meteoroligist, former regional director, national weather service.' b'' b'' b'gabriel t. csanady, phd, eminent professor, old dominion university. roy' b'leep, executive weather director, gillet weather data services. terrance j.' b'clark, meteorologist, u.s. air force. neil l. frank, phd, meteorologist,' b'national weather service. bruce a. boe, phd, director, north dakota' b'atmospheric resource board. andrew detweiler, phd, assoc. professor,' b'institute of atmospheric sciences, south dakota school of mines and' b'technology.' b'robert m. cunningham, consulting meteorologist, fellow, american' b'meteorological society. stephen r. hanna, phd, sigma research corporation,' b'elliot abrams, meteoroligist, senior vice president, accuweather, inc.' b'william e. reifsnyder, phd, consulting meteorologist, professor emeritus,' b'forest meteorology, yale university. david w. reylnolds, research' b'meteorologist. jerry a. williams, meteorologist, president, ocean routes,' b'inc.' b'lee w. eddington, meteorologist, geophysics division, pacific missile test' b'center.werner a braum, phd, former dean, college of arts sciences, florida' b'state university.david p. rodgers, phd, assoc. professor of research' b'oceanography, scripps institution of oceanograghy. brian fiedler, phd, asst' b'professor of meteorology, university of oaklahoma.' b'edward a. brandes, meterologist. melvyn shapiro, chief of meteorological' b'research wave propagation laboratory, noaa. joesph zabransky, jr., associate' b'professor of meteorology, plymouth state college. james a. moore, project' b'manager, research applications program, national center for atmospheric' b'research. daniel j mcnaughton, ensr consultating and engineering. brian' b'sussman, meteorologist, fellow, american meteorologist, fellow, american' b'meteorological society. h read mcgrath, phd, meteorologist. robert e.' b'zabrecky, meteorologist.' b'william m. porch, phd, atmospheric physicist, los alamos national' b'laboratory. earle r. williams, phd, associate profesor of meteorology, dept.' b'of earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences, massachusetts institute of' b'technology. s. fred singer, phd, atmospheric physsicist, university of' b'virginia, director, science environmental policy project. (affilitions' b'listed are for identification purposes only).' b'' b'------' b'the cellar bbs 