b'' b'critisism is too easy. what solutions do people have that would have been' b'better than what the fbi had been doing for the last few months?' b'' b'well, they never should have gotten into this situation.' b'' b'look at the history of this group. david koresh has been arrested' b'?twice? by local police. both times, he accepted the arrest warrant' b'and went peacefully. so, the feds decide to arrest him. how do they' b'choose to arrest a person with a record of peaceful obedience under' b'arrest? they throw a concussion grenades at his building.' b'' b"in addition, we know that we've been lied to. initially, we were told" b'that they suspected him of molesting children and having several' b'wives. but these are not atf offenses, were they? so they changed' b'their story, several times. and the original warrant is still sealed.' b'and we were told about the rockets and ammunition they had... but did' b'anyone notice any ammo exploding in the fire? they claimed that koresh' b"hadn't left the compound in months... but people in town report seeing" b'him just a week before the raid.' b'' b'how would i have handled it differently?' b'' b"well, first, i haven't seen any evidence that the bds did anything" b"wrong. there's a sealed warrant, and a collection of stories which" b'keep changing about what they did. so i might not have done anything.' b'' b'ok. now, supposing that i know what the bds are being arrested for.' b"well, they've got a history of accepting arrests... so, i send" b'officers to the door with a warrant. wearing bulletproof vests.' b"covered from a distance by sharpshooters. now, there's no good reason" b"to suspect that these people will do anything, right? why didn't" b'anyone try serving a warrant?' b'' b'ok. going further. they refuse the warrant. it becomes necessary to' b'raid. you plan a raid. you hear an hour before that there was a leak,' b'and they know your coming. so what do you do? well, change your' b'plans, right? nope... they go ahead with it anyone... including' b'sending in unprotected men to break into the place. it was idiotic. i' b"don't know what i would have ended up doing. but that original raid" b'should never have happened.' b'' b'the shit that came later should never have happened.' b'' b'the full record of the raid should be released to the public to let us' b'know what the hell really happened there.' b'' b'the lies should never have been told.' b'' b'<mc' b'--' b'|| mark craig carroll: <mc ||"we the people are getting tired of your lies' b"|| univ of delaware, dept of cis|| we the people now believe that it's time" b"|| grad student/labstaff hacker we're demanding our rights to the answers" 