b'' b':' b': no. i make a distinction between working for yourself to survive and' b': paying dues to mother nature in the form of labour and working for' b': joe propertyowner because you do not have the option of working for' b': yourself. joe propertyowner stands between you and the earth you' b': work and expects you to pay him *and* mother nature for the right' b': to survive. the property laws create a layer of parasites that get' b': fat on the fact that people have *no option* except to work in' b': factories.' b':' b'i want people to be able to get the things they need in life. property' b'ownership may not be ideal, but it is far better at letting people get' b'what they need to live a productive, fulfulling life.' b'' b'the first experiment in america, where property ownership was denied,' b'caused, starvation, hunger, and death. few people know that the' b'pilgrims originally tried to have common property to grow food and a' b'common food store. many people know the hardships they suffered the' b'first few winters because of it. after arriving, the pilgrims made all' b'property common. they all shared in the work and the resulting crops' b'went into a common store. after much debate the new governor bradford' b'privitized the land; assigning plots to each family. according to perry' b'd. westbrook: "the change was immediately justified by the increased' b'industry of the inhabitants and by the larger acreage planted."' b'' b'bradford himself acknowledged this failure of communism. he wrote: "the' b'experience that was had in this common course and condition, tried' b'sundry years and that amongst godly and sober men, may well evince the' b"vanity of that conceit of plato's and other ancients applauded by some of" b'later times; that the taking away of property and bringing in community into' b'a commonwealth would make them happy and flourishing; as if they were wiser' b'than god. for this community (so far as it was) was found to breed much' b'confusion and discontent and retard much employment that would have been' b'to their benefit and comfort."' b'' b'bradford did not blame this failure on the "strangers", but on the basic' b'selfishness in all men. he wrote "seeing all men have this corruption in' b'them, god in his wisdom saw another course fitter for them." in other' b'words, according to westbrook, "bradford found private enterprise to be' b'the most suitable economic policy for mankind in its fallen state."' b'' b"let's not make the same mistake that the pilgrims made. private" b'property allows a society to flourish, the alternative brings' b'starvation, poverty and discontent.' b'--' b'paul schmidt: advocates for self-government, davy crockett chapter president' b'706 judith drive, johnson city, tn uunet!tijc02!pjs269' b'"freedom seems to have unleashed the creative energies of the people and' b'leads to ever higher levels of income and social progress." u.n. report' 