b'' b'' b'the above conveniently ignores the murder of four batf agents by the' b'branch davidians in an unprovoked ambush.' b'' b'any government that allows tinpot dictators to set up shop and declare' b'a private state has drifted into anarchy. there are laws to control' b'the ownership of guns and the batf had good reason to beleive that' b'they were being violated. they set out to obtain a legal warrant and' b'attempted to serve it only to be met with gunfire when they rang' b'the doorbell.' b'' b'the paranoid assertion that the batf fired first in an unprovoked' b'assault assumes that the batf were on a death wish. had they' b'expected the b-d to be anything other than peacefull citizens who' b'would accept a search authorized by a court they would have turned up' b'in a tank and broken the door down on day one.' b'' b'the stupidity was the attempt to serve a warant on the place by' b'ludicrously underarmed and unprotected police.' b'' b"wait a second, you're ignoring major facts here." b'' b'there was no attempt to simply serve a warrant. the batf had a' b'no-knock warrant. the initial firefight began when the batf threw' b'concussion grenades at the building. (batf admits this!)' b'' b'if anyone on the net cares to suggest a sure fire method of bringing' b'the murderes of four police officers to justice perhaps we could' b'hear it.' b'' b"let's be realistic here, shall we?" b'' b"you're a member of a rather paranoid religious organization. someone" b'comes to your building, dressed in black suits, carrying firearms.' b'they throw a concussion grenade at the place, and try to break in.' b'what, exactly, are you going to do?' b'' b'i would not allow anyone to enter my home without first identifying' b'themselves. if someone attacks my home by firing weapons or throwing' b"explosive, i think i'd be entirely justified in defending myself." b'' b'regardless of what i think of the bds, and regardless of whether or' b'not they were guilty of firearms violations, this is not the way you' b'treat people in a supposedly free society.' b'' b'<mc' b'--' b'|| mark craig carroll: <mc ||"we the people are getting tired of your lies' b"|| univ of delaware, dept of cis|| we the people now believe that it's time" b"|| grad student/labstaff hacker we're demanding our rights to the answers" 