b'' b'' b'' b'the above conveniently ignores the murder of four batf agents by the' b'branch davidians in an unprovoked ambush.' b'' b'any government that allows tinpot dictators to set up shop and declare' b'a private state has drifted into anarchy. there are laws to control' b'the ownership of guns and the batf had good reason to beleive that' b'they were being violated. they set out to obtain a legal warrant and' b'attempted to serve it only to be met with gunfire when they rang' b'the doorbell.' b'' b'the paranoid assertion that the batf fired first in an unprovoked' b'assault assumes that the batf were on a death wish. had they' b'expected the b-d to be anything other than peacefull citizens who' b'would accept a search authorized by a court they would have turned up' b'in a tank and broken the door down on day one.' b'' b'so, you approve of the batf launching a 100-person raid, complete' b'with flack jackets, men hidden in horse trailers, stun grenades,' b'semi-auto weapons on peaceful citizens? who would also accept' b'a search authoried by a court?' b'' b'there is still no proof that the branch davidians had illegal weapons.' b'nothing else was in the jurisdiction of the batf, unless they were' b'thought to have a still, or be smoking untaxed cigarettes.' b'' b"the automatic firearms violation is a tax matter you don't serve" b"no-knock warrants on someone with cal mgs. it isn't necessary" b"(they can't flush a machine gun down a toilet, you know), and it isn't" b'smart (if you are right, you got a good chance of getting blown away.' b"if you are wrong, you shouldn't have done it.)" b'' b'' b'the stupidity was the attempt to serve a warant on the place by' b'ludicrously underarmed and unprotected police.' b'' b'the stupidity was indeed related to this. but the stupidity may have been to' b'attempt to serve the warrant by ludicrously over-armed, over-protected' b"and over-confident gestapo. escalation isn't automatically brilliant." b'' b'it was a tax matter you can"t flush mgs down the toilet b'you don"t need no-knock warrants for everything.' b'' b'actually, imho nothing justifies them, but that is another argument b'' b'' b'if anyone on the net cares to suggest a sure fire method of bringing' b'the murderes of four police officers to justice perhaps we could' b'hear it.' b'' b"there wasn't any murder of police officers. there was probable cause" b'to arrest them for murder perhaps. we us citizens are innocent until proven' b'guilty.' b'' b"there also wasn't any killing until the batf screwed up real bad." b'' b'' b'phill hallam-baker' b'' b'' b'lew' b'--' b'"perspective is worth iq points."\tniels bohr (or somebody like that).' 