b'' b'' b' mr cramer-' b'' b' you are on one hand condemning the news media as;' b'' b' "the role of the national news media in inflaming passions" that' b' was your message subject i believe.' b'' b' then you turn around and actually take; from the santa rosa (cal.) press-democrat,' b' april p. b2:' b'' b' male sex survey: gay activity low title.' b'' b' you even use such a title for the san jose mercury news- the murky news.' b'' b' now which is it? are you going to comdemn national media, then turn around' b' and use it to support some position you present? seems somewhat contradictory' b" doesn't it." b'' b'i believe that this is not contradictory on the basis that' b'the quality of media reporting varies greatly based on the' b'subject at hand. the media has proven itself very accurate' b'is the areas of presenting raw, undisputed data. one good' b'example would be the weather page in which high and low' b'temperatures of the previous day for a large number of' b'locations are posting. there is little evidence to show' b'that they are in error.' b'' b'the american media has failed us in its analysis of complex' b"events, however. i'm sure that we can come up with many" b'news stories that have left us angry because so many facts' b'have been ommitted. cases that come to mind are the' b'invasion of panama, the war with iraq, the disaster in waco,' b'the issues surrounding the acceptance of gays into the' b'military, the war on drugs, and many others.' b'' b'the story that you bring to light was regarding the new' b"sex survey. while i'm sure that due to lazyness some of" b'the data was ommitted from the article, i would venture to' b'guess that the data that was presented did not deviate' b'from the survey. i do, however, think that it would be' b"folly to have blind faith in a single newswriter's" b'analysis of this data. in this particular case, there was' b'little analysis, and the reader was left to draw his/her' b'own convictions.' b'' b'many netters, mr. cramer included, often forget that the' b"american media are merely a number of businesses, who's" b'purpose in life is to make money for their owners and' b'stockholders. revenues come largely from advertisers' b'who merely want maximum useful exposure per dollar. the' b'media is like fast food; the quality of the food (or of' b'the reporting) will improve only if the customers demand' b'as such. otherwise, it is business as usual.' b'--' b'"what, me worry?" william m. gaines, b'"i\'m gonna crush you!" andre the giant, 