b'' b'' b"i'm not saying i'm satisfied with the outcome, it's very upsetting." b'you are simply blaming the wrong person.' b'' b'' b'oh are we jill? let me tell you a story then...' b'' b'one evening not long in this country a man, a parolee, a convicted known' b'violent crimminal lead police on high speed chase after breaking another law.' b'he decided that police had no right to do their jobs and enforce the law' b'and assualted two of while attempting to resist arrest. when police use' b'metal sticks to force him into submission we heard all the reason why certain' b'people in this country have and excuse when they refuse to obey the law,' b'how this was a perfect example of police oppression, how all the police' b'had to do was behave a certain way and all would have been finei, how nothing' b'the victim did could have possibly warranted the response some blows with' b'a few sticks he got from the authorities.' b'' b"funny, how when it's bloodbath billy or his hitwench calling the shots," b'a group of people who were bothering no one, were not know to have broken' b'any law, who asked only that they be left alone to practice their religion' b'as they fit, how it is now that the government is justified in assualting' b'those people with heavily armed commandos simply because the gun' b'grabbers in dc thought these people had more guns thay they thought they' b"should have. now when it's the clinton administration that has the blood" b"of dozens on its hand aaaall of a sudden it's the people who refused to" b"have their civil rights violated, it's their fault, those evil fanatics" b'provoked it...' b'' b'how is it in the mind of the liberal democrat-clinton supporter that a' b'crimminal puke, scum bag, piece of garbage like rodney king could not have' b'possibly provoked the beating he got, but this bunch of wierdos could cause' b'a fifty one day stand off that ended with the burning deaths of all of them' b'and their children, all by themselves with no help from the the police.' b'and to here people say they deserved what they got, to hear clinton say' b'the blame rest solely with koresch, what a cowardly piece of work that' b'man has shown, again, himself to be.' b'' b"we're blaming the right people. it is you and others that defend any of the" b'actions of the batf, fbi or justice department in this matter, that with' b'each word prove again and again the depth of the hypocrisy, the double' b'standard that people like the clintons would hold certain americans to.' b'while at the same time allowing others to do as they please with only' b"excuses to offer their victims. it's all to clear these days, from the" b'comments of the "president" and the rationalizations of his supporters' b'in these groups, that in a liberal democratic vision of america only' b'a certain select few people can expect to have civil rights enforced,' b'and this administration intends to enforce laws, apply the constitution' b'and obey the laws only when it suits them to do so.' b'' b'the rooster' b'' b'warning!' b'' b'by order of heir clinton and for your own' b'personal safety: remember to maintain membership' b'in only batf approved religious organizations.' b'batf approved religious services.' b'' b'' b'.' 