b'' b' critisism is too easy. what solutions do people have that would have been' b' better than what the fbi had been doing for the last few months?' b' b' \tfirstly, they could have backed off.' b'' b' regardless of who was at fault in the first assault (the one in which' b' four atf officers died), once that was over backing off was no longer' b' an option. the people inside, particularly koresh, were criminal' b' suspects. they could have made a case of self-defense, if they wanted,' b' in a court of law. until then the police had the responsibility to' b" capture and arrest them. i've never heard of a case where the police" b' knew there was a criminal suspect in a building, and still decided' b' to back off. continuing the siege was one of the few alternatives' b" to what actually took place, and it's a matter of debate whether any" b' of these would have ended any better.' b'' b'' b'how about letting in the press?' b'' b'how about letting koresh out to talk to the press?' b'' b'maybe if he had been allowed to talk with the press/tv for a couple of' b'days he would have surrendered peacefully.' b'' b'' b'how about letting the relatives of koresh`s followers talk?' b'' b'' b'seems to me when you isolate someone, try to send them crazy by playing' b'loudspeakers through the night of tibetan chants, etc., you don`t have' b'much to stand on when they behave as if they are crazy. (i`m not too' b'sure of their sanity to start with.)' b'' b'i am very suspicious when the government controls all communication,' b'and sends the press miles away.' b'i have a gut feeling that no-knock warrant, which is sealed, would not' b'stand up to scrutiny.' b'' b'i don`t think no-knock warrants are what the constitution writers had' b'in mind when they gave us rights against improper search and seizure.' b'i don`t think an all-powerful central, high-taxing government was' b'what the constitution writers had in mind when it delagated rights' b'to the citizens and states and restricted central government.' b'' b'' 