b'' b'|' b'|\tthe batf should have left at the beginning, they should have looked at' b'|koresh\'s personality. instead they thought, "they have guns. we have bigger' b'|guns. let\'s go get \'em!"' b'|' b"|\tthey botched it from day one. they shouldn't have been there in the" b'|first place.' b'' b'the above conveniently ignores the murder of four batf agents by the' b'branch davidians in an unprovoked ambush.' b'' b"as you're no doubt aware, phill, there are probably five or six" b'different, mutually contradictory versions of the events in waco on' b'feb. all of which are from reputable news sources, ranging the the' b'associated press to time to newsweek.' b'' b'some of the earliest reports issued by the ap were not at all' b'flattering the to batf, and produced some question as to who fired first.' b'' b'now, for all i know, you were there to witness it. but' b'i kind of doubt that.' b'' b'any government that allows tinpot dictators to set up shop and declare' b'a private state has drifted into anarchy. there are laws to control' b'the ownership of guns and the batf had good reason to beleive that' b'they were being violated. they set out to obtain a legal warrant and' b'attempted to serve it only to be met with gunfire when they rang' b'the doorbell.' b'' b"the batf, in a letter they've been sending out to people," b'says both that they were ambushed because they lost the element of' b'surprise, and that they went up and knocked on the door and had it' b'slammed in their faces.' b'' b'it strikes *me* as kind of strange to rely on surprise to' b'serve a warrant by knocking on the door.' b'' b'there are at least questions that need to be answered.' b'' b'the paranoid assertion that the batf fired first in an unprovoked' b'assault assumes that the batf were on a death wish.' b'' b'this paranoid assertation was made by witnesses to the original' b'assault who stated that the batf initiated hostilities by throwing' b'concussion grenades and reported by the associated press.' b'' b'had they' b'expected the b-d to be anything other than peacefull citizens who' b'would accept a search authorized by a court they would have turned up' b'in a tank and broken the door down on day one.' b'' b'phill, the batf were in a firefight with the bd for *forty-five*' b'minutes. i find it hard to believe that if they were expecting peaceful' b"citizens they *wouldn't* have shown up in live-stock trailers and would" b'have retreated immediately.' b'' b'if they *were* expecting peacful citizens, why show up with over' b'a hundred officers, some of which clearly visible on video to be carrying' b'sub-machineguns, and national guard helicopters?' b'' b"i don't know who did what, but, as i said, there are questions that" b'need to be answered.' b'' b'' b'' b'------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'david veal univ. of tenn. div. of cont. education info. services group' b"your pushed me down the elevator shaft; i'm beginning to think you don't" b'love me anymore." "weird al"' 