b'' b'' b' gee, jim, if you\'ll check the constitution you\'ll find "in order to...' b' promote the general welfare...do ordain and establish this constitution..."' b" i'm surprised you missed it. it's right there in the first paragraph. i" b' would have thought you would have made it at least through the preamble.' b'' b' you almost got it right, and it was a good try, but you should follow your' b' own advice. the preamble to the constitution does read as you have quoted' b' but let us not forget that after all it is only the preamble. it is not' b' a binding part of the constitution and carries no weight in the law. that' b' poor tortured paragraph has got to be one of the most unfortunate passages' b' in the english language witness the legions of blowhards like yourself who' b' think those vague flowery phrases are part of the law of the land. do you' b' really believe that a politician only has to give lip service to "promoting' b' the general welfare" to be within the limits of the constitution?' b'' b' sorry, buddy, but some other "blowhards" managed to include the "general' b' welfare" in another portion of the constitution.' b'' b' article i section "the congress shall have the power to lay and collect' b' taxes...to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general' b' welfare of the united states..."' b'' b' i guess they wanted to make sure everyone understood they meant what they' b' said in the preamble.' b'' b' ...but since it explicitly includes both the general welfare and defense' b" in article i, section i guess you'll grant that botha are constitutional" b' functions. right?' b'' b'james madison, federalist paper b'' b'"it has been urged and echoed, that the power ``to lay and' b'collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts,' b'and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the' b"united states,'' amounts to an unlimited commission to exercise" b'every power which may be alleged to be necessary for the common' b'defense or general welfare...' b'' b'"no stronger proof could be given of the distress under which' b'these writers labor for objections, than their stooping to such a' b'misconstruction. had no other enumeration or definition of the' b'powers of the congress been found in the constitution, than the' b'general expressions just cited, the authors of the objection' b'might have had some color for it; but what color can the' b'objection have, when a specification of the objects alluded to by' b'these general terms immediately follows, and is not even' b'separated by a longer pause than a semicolon? nothing is' b'more natural nor common than first to use a general phrase, and' b'then to explain and qualify it by a recital of particulars.' b'--' b'' b'' 