b'' b'' b'' b' geez, where have you been, ryan? i proposed this theory *months*' b" ago. let's take it one step further, even. if, as the surveys show," b' up to of all men have *had* a homosexual encounter, then there must' b'' b'cite a survey, other than the obviously bogus kinsey studies.' b'' b'granted. pomeroy, bell, weinberg, "national institute of' b"mental health paper ''patterns of adjusment in deviant" b'populations.\'\'" cited as part of the national institute of mental' b'health task force on homosexuality.' b'' b'pomery concluded, "the kinsey statistic of is probably higher' b'than is realistic. according to these estimates, is a more' b'realistic figure."' b'' b'(i went out and bought lots of bell weinberg this weekend... can' b'you tell?)' b'' b'also, the janus report on sexual behavior (samuel s. janus, ph.d.' b'and cynthia l. janus, m.d., john wiley sons (pub), has the' b'following:' b'' b'table b'have you ever had a homosexual experience?' b'men. women.' b'n= b'yes b'no b'' b'table b'how often have you had homosexual contact?' b'men women' b'n= b'a. once b'b. occasionally b'c. frequently b'd. ongoing b'' b'active (c. d.) b'' b'39% of is this number is consistent with kinsey, pomery,' b'gebard bell weinberg and rice in the' b'finding that of the male population is actively homosexual, with' b'an further breakdown (bell wienberg, of exclusively so and' b'5% self-identifying themselves as "bisexuals."' b'' b'(pp b'' b'as for debunking kinsey, the following article is an important' b'lesson for everyone to read:' b'' b'was kinsey a fake and a pervert?' b'by philip nobile' b'' b'far out on the grassy knoll of sexology, there is a cult of' b'prochastity researchers who claim that the late alfred kinsey was a' b'secret sex criminal, a hoosier dr. mengele, who bent his numbers' b'toward the bisexual and the bizarre in a grand conspiracy to queer the' b'nation and usher in an era of free sex with kids.' b'' b"but what really riles these critics is kinsey's towerin~ cultural" b'influence. his bestselling surveys-- sexual behavior in the human male' b'(1948) and sexual behavior in the human female tore the' b"sheets off the country's erogenous zones and undermined midcentury" b'morals. his charts and graphs, based on detailed histories of b'men and women, demonstrated that practices generally considered rare' b"and/or 'abnormal'-- masturbation, extramarital relations," b'homosexuality, and even barnyard bestiality, were as american as' b'strawberry shortcake.' b'' b'yet for a hard core of these heterosexual supremacists, aided and' b'abetted by pat buchanan and the religious right, the zoology professor' b'from indiana university remains the evil genius behind the sex' b'revolution and a target for character assassination.' b'' b"judith reisman, the prosecution's expert witness at the" b'mapplethorpe trial in cincinnati, is the leader of the anti- kinsey' b'revisionists as well as his inspector javert. in during a radio' b'interview with pat buchanan in washington, reisman accused kinsey of' b'having been inolved in "the vicious genital torture of hundreds of' b'children." she speculated that he kidnapped and drugged ghetto boys in' b'order to carry out clandestine orgasm tests.' b'' b'now, seven years later, reisman has revived her charges in a' b'different book, titled kinsey, sex and fraud, just released by the' b'small and religiously oriented huntington house in lafayette,' b'louisiana. her coauthor is ed eichel, a manhattan psychotherapist who' b'has invented a new style of intromission ("the coital alignment' b'technique") that supposedly triggers simultaneous orgasm with' b'considerable regularity and thereby increases compatibilty between the' b'sexes. in the book eichel contends that "kinsey deliberately cooked' b'the gay stats because, being an oddball himself, he wanted to advance' b'the \'denormalization\' of heterosexuality."' b'' b'if the authors are right, then the world- famous kinsey reports' b'are, as the introduction boldly asserts, "the most egregious example' b'of scientific deception in this century." and if they are wrong,' b'kinsey, sex and fraud is a shameful smear.' b'' b"despite the less- than- stellar credentials of kinsey's" b'detractors, legends are not what they used to be. martin luther king' b'may have committed plagiarism. bruno bettelheim slapped young mental' b'patients around. father bruce ritter, the founder of covenant house,' b'preyed on runaway boys. closer to kinsey, masters and johnson have' b'been disgraced for faking it in one way or another.' b'' b'so it should not surprise anybody that kinsey, who filmed strange' b'people having sex in his attic, may have had skeletons in the closet.' b'the problem is that reisman does not seem to have the intellectual' b'prowess to pull off the job.' b'' b'as a thinker, the woman is no madame curie. the 55-year-old' b'former songwriter for captain kangaroo has little professional' b'standing, no current university position, and no peer-review' b'publications, though her creative resume was padded with phantom' b'accomplishments. for instance, it listed a book as her own-- take back' b'the night: women on pornography-- that was actually written and edited' b'by others. then there is her ph.d. in speech communication from' b"cleveland's case western reserve university. although reisman has no" b"bachelor's degree, case granted her a master's in and a doctorate" b'in her dissertation was on the commentaries of a local' b'octagenarian tv commentator. but on the resume, reisman gave this' b'piece of scholarship a fancy hautes etudes moniker-- to wit: "the' b'application of aristotelian and systems analytic theory to mass media' b'effects."' b'' b"when reisman burst into prominence on buchanan's program, it was" b'love at first sight for al regnery, the outwardly anti-' b"porn head of juvenile justice and delinquency prevention in ed meese's" b'justice department. regnery was a young law-and-order conservative and' b'amateur social philosopher who wanted to help change the sexual' b'climate of the united states.' b'' b"after reisman's sensational radio session, the sexual equivalent" b"of joe mccarthy's wheeling speech, regnery summoned" b'her to meetings to discuss mutual interests. first he tried to shovel' b'her for a quasi-frankenstein study that was going to measure' b'the brain chemicals of men and boys who looked at arousing' b'photographs. guffaws on capitol hill killed the original proposal, but' b'$734,000 in govemment money went to reisman anyway for plan b- a probe' b'of child images in the cartoons playboy, penthouse, and hust' b'ler. (incredibly, this grant surpassed the entire budget of the' b"attorney general's pornography commission.)" b'' b'when the overpriced and oversold project was completed in b'it was immediately shelved by an embarrassed justice department. that' b'spring, regnery resigned from his post only days before the new' b'republic carried this admission that he had kept porno magazines' b'around the house.' b'' b'notwithstanding the six-figure humiliation, reisman went on to' b'scratch out a niche on the ioony right. as the darling of the sex' b'cranks, she deplores subversive phenomena like shaved genitalia in' b"men's magazines and blames aids on gays. kinsey, sex and fraud is" b"reisman's latest grasp for respectability. pat buchanan, of course, is" b'putting his krugerrands on reisman\'s ultimate vindication. "this book' b'is social dynamite," he says in a blurb an the front cover. he' b'especially liked the antigay parts. smacking his lips in his' b'syndicated column, he declared, "it may just blow the sewer cap off' b"kinsey's monumental reputation, reestablish homosexuality as a 1-in-50" b'aberration, expose the gay rights movement as a paper tiger, and even' b"put at risk the enormous sex industry built upon dr. kinsey's" b'\'research.\'"' b'' b'the blockbuster charge at the heart of the cluttered and' b"repetilive j'accuse is that kinsey was a sex-mad pedophile who" b'molested little boys in nazi-type experiments and recorded their' b'orgasms in his male volume/ a similar charge was first recited at the' b'fifth world conference on sexology in jerusalem in to no effect' b'before being recycled by reisman for buchanan in washington in b'' b'here is how reisman and eichel repackaged the mengele business in' b'kinsey, sex and fraud:' b'' b"mengele-like 'scientific' experiments on infants and children" b"were the basis for kinsey's conclusions... on childhood sexuality." b'' b'somewhere and sometime in the course of the project, kinsey' b'appears to have directed experimental sex research on several hundred' b'children aged from two months to almost years.' b'' b'this, of course, would implicate kinsey and his team in' b'promoting, and perhaps participating in, the criminal activity.' b'' b"in the opinion of this book's authors, that is exactly how part" b"of kinsey's child sexuality research took place." b'' b'' b"donning his psychohistorian's cap and citing an fbi manual on" b'child molesters as a guide, eichel casually diagnoses kinsey as a' b'homosexual pedophile with the perfect motive for doing exactly as' b'reisman said:' b'' b'' b'[kinsey] placed himself in professional and nonprofessional' b'positions where he had access to young boys, such as y.m.c.a. camp' b"counselor, boys' club leader, and boy scout leader-- activities he" b"kept up 'during his college and graduate yeaers, and even after his" b'marriage."' b'' b'' b'as crude as his analysis seems, eichel was more than happy to' b'elaborate even further in a recent phone interview. "if you\'ve ever' b'been around boy- lovers, pedophiles, they are absolutely compulsive,"' b'he averred. "everything in his life is directed at getting children. i' b"didn't mention this in our book but the caption under kinsey's high" b"school picture was a quote from hamlet: 'man delights me not, no," b'[sic] nor woman neither.\' what do you think they were picking up on?"' b'' b'before weighing what reisman and eichel pass off as proof of' b"kinsey's sex crimes, something must be said about kinsey's scientific" b'modus operandi. he was a fiendish collector. as a young zoologist with' b'a d.sc. from harvard, he collected million gall wasps and b'million related insects. when he switched to sex exploration after' b'agreeing to teach a marriage course at indiana university in he' b'was no less curious or acquisitive. nothing that mammals did in the' b'realm of reproduction was foreign to him. he compiled masses of erotic' b'materials including toilet wall inscriptions from male and female' b'johns that highlighted differences in sexual psychology and flms of' b'mating in species of animals that showed an amazing similarity in' b'oral eroticism.' b'' b'naturally, the sexual response of children, the genesis of eros,' b'fascinated him. it was impossible to understand the sexual behaviors' b'of adults without examining their origins. and so with the fervor of' b'his bughunting days, kinsey collected information about kids, though' b'even his worst enemies-- until reisman and eichel-- refrained from' b'linking him personally to his data on preadolescent sex.' b'' b'kinsey said plainly in the male volume that he got information on' b'the sex life of young boys from people who had sex with them: "some of' b'these adults are technically trained persons who have kept diaries or' b'other records which have been put at our disposal." although he' b'gathered much boyhood data from the memories of his subjects and the' b'observations of parents and nursery school teachers, he treated the' b'documentary materia! of the pedophiles as pure gold. there was nothing' b'like it in the literature.' b'' b"kinsey's main source, a 63-year-old govemment worker, was also" b'the most unforgettable character he had ever met. this man, whose' b'history took hours to log, had sex with over boys and girls' b'as well as of family members including his father and' b'grandmother. a sexual hobbyist and passionate record-keeper, he gave' b'kinsey detailed accounts of orgasms that he observed in preadolescent' b"boys. relying on the man's meticulous research, which involved" b'following some boys for as long as years, kinsey was able to' b'identify for the first time six distinct types of male orgasm-- some' b'of which involved violent contortions at the peak of release-- as well' b'as the speed and the capacity of climax.' b'' b'what freud had only imagined about childhood sexuality, kinsey' b'had reported as fact. children were indeed erotic beings from the' b'cradle. "these data on the sexual activities of younger male provide' b'an important substantiation of the freudian view of sexuality as a' b'component that is present in the human animal from earliest infancy,"' b'he concluded without raising eyebrows in b'' b'then along came judith reisman. ignorng the legitimacy of' b"kinsey's inquiry, she beheld the ghost of mengele in bloomington. she" b'was appalled by the thought of infant ecstasy and read torture in the' b'portrayals of prepubertal orgasm rendered by the government worker.' b'and she dared to say that kinsey was a sex criminal.' b'' b"well, was he or wasn't he? let's go to the text. there is no" b'evidence in kinsey, sex and fraud-- no witnesses, no paper, noteven a' b'trace of hearsay-- that implicates kinsey in either planning or' b'partaking in child sex experiments. after years on the trail,' b'reisman has uncovered just two sources to back up her original charge-' b"- amazingly enough, kinsey himself and wardell pomeroy, kinsey's" b'coauthor on both reports, to whom reisman has never spoken. it turns' b'out that her whole case rests on a few passages in the male volume' b"iand in pomeroy's biography titled dr. kinsey and the institute" b'for sex research.' b'' b'after frisking every "the" and "and" in both books, reisman came' b'up with what she believes are "smoking" sentences. to establish' b'kinsey\'s alleged role in the planning, she says that "there is a hint"' b'in the fifth chapter of the male volume that kinsey "directed" the' b'orgasm studies on kids. she cites his tell-tale quote from a critic of' b'armchair psychoanalysis demanding that "writers...test their' b'theories...by empirical study and statistical procedures." then she' b"combines this quote with kinsey's statement that some of the" b'observations of his pedophile sources "were continued over periods of' b'months or years until the individuals were old enough to make it' b'certain that true orgasm was involved."' b'' b"putting two and two together-- kinsey's empiricism and lengthy" b'experimentation-- she arrives at her hint. but realizing this dog' b"would not hunt, she devoted but a single paragraph to kinsey's" b'supposed planning before shifting to the issue of his personal' b'involvement. as for the alleged participation, after poring over' b"pomeroy's biography, reisman found several hidden clues suggesting" b"kinsey's likely hands-on approach to kiddie sex. here the chain of" b'reasoning is more complex. she points out that kinsey was interested' b'in clitoral measurements, collecting sperm and filming sex in his' b'attic. since kinsey did indeed mislead indiana university about the' b'purpose of his cinematography-- he said that he was filming "animal' b'sex"-- reisman asserts that a "similar misrepresentation may yet apply' b'to kinsey\'s child sex experiments." catch the "may"!' b'' b"reisman was also struck by kinsey's doubting thomas attitude" b'toward the never before recorded climax of female rabbits: "kinsey,' b'according to pomeroy, was the type of person who needed to see things' b'for himself. pomeroy gave the example of orgasm in the female rabbit.' b'because he had not personally witnessed this event, kinsey had' b'difficulty in accepting its reality, even on the strength of testimony' b'from a distinguished scientist. how then did kinsey testify to the' b"actuality of orgasm in a 5-month-old infant from the mere 'history' of" b'a sex offender?" (but, of course, he did not: he depended on their' b'records.)' b'' b'from this fantastic alchemy of conjecture mixed with clitorides,' b'sperm, attic cumshots, and climax-in-cottontail has reisman defamed' b'the legendary kinsey.' b'' b'paul gebhard succeeded kinsey as the director of the kinsey' b'institute and now lives in retirement outside bloomington. reached by' b'telephone, gebhard defended the pedophile connection and denied' b'reisman\'s nasty imputations. "i don\'t understand the resistance of' b'people like reisman to studying the sexuality of children," gebhard' b'said more in exasperation than anger. "that is where sex begins. we' b'were happy to take data wherever we found it. even though pedophiles' b'commit criminal acts, they are usually not violent folks. they' b"wouldn't be very successful if they were. one of our best sources was" b"a headmaster of a boys' school who maintained a kind of alumni club" b'and sometimes went to the weddings of his former students. as for' b"directing experiments, that's absurd. we never told any of our" b'subjects what to do. lt was against our principles. almost all of the' b'pedophile material was retrospective anyway. nor did we ever conduct' b'sex experiments with children ourselves. that would have been highly' b'inappropriate."' b'' b'i asked gebhard if kinsey had ever seen a child in a sexual' b'situation. "i think a mother once brought in a little girl who humped' b'her teddy bear and kinsey watched it."' b'' b"as for kinsey's sex life, it is still shrouded in" b'confidentiality. he was married to the same woman for years and' b'fathered four children. apparently, there are no huge sexual' b'revelations, although rumors of homosexuality have persisted without' b"confirmation through the years. gebhard took his boss's history back" b'in the \'40s, but he refuses to discuss what he knows. "we never' b'divulge anything about anybody\'s history, whether dead or alive," he' b'says.' b'' b'reisman said no to an interview for this article on the grounds' b'that i had once worked for penthouse-- not to mention the fact that we' b'have been debating each other in various forums for the past five' b'years. in keeping with our contentious history, she took a swipe at me' b'in her book for continuing "the kinsey practice of euphemizing' b'incest." my offense was using the biblical variant "lying with a near' b'relative" in a article on the subject of incest. as a synonym for' b'intercourse, "lying with" appears eight times in genesis.' b'' b'ed eichel is a different story. though seemingly obsessed by' b'kinsey like his coauthor, he was friendly in long conversations. he' b'told me that he began to smell a big baised agenda in sexology when he' b"was a student in new york university's human sexuality program in the" b'early \'80s. "it was literally a gay studies program for heterosexuals,"' b'he says.' b'' b"around eichel came upon reisman's critique of kinsey and" b'the conspiracy theory started to sink in: the sex establishment was' b'ruled by a kinseyan bisexual bund advocating the overthrow of the' b'heterosexual norm. no wonder he was having such a rough time promoting' b'the joy of simultaneous orgasm-- anything that enhanced sexual' b'compatibility between men and women inevitably raised objections.' b'' b'eventually, eichel exchanged philosophical fluids with reisman,' b"and from this union kinsey, sex and fraud was born. eichel's main" b'contribution to the book is discovery and analysis of a kinsey' b'conspiracy that supposedly seeks "the establishment of bisexuality as' b'the balanced sexual orientation for normal, uninhibited people" which,' b'by destroying the traditional family structure and normal sexual' b'behavior, "would open the way for the second and more difficult step--' b'the ultimate goal of cross-generational sex (sex with children)."' b'' b'when i pressed him for specific references to back up his' b'outrageous contentions, he said weakly, "you don\'t think kinsey is' b'going to come right out and say that everybody is basically bisexual' b'and should have sex with kids, but this is implicit in the kinsey' b'reports."' b'' b'meanwhile, eichel is demanding a congressional investigation of' b"kinsey and his data. perfect. that's just what the country needs-- a" b'house un-american sexual activities committee, looking under beds and' b'asking people if they are now or have everbeen a reader, a sympathizer' b'or-- god forbid-- a subject of dr. alfred kinsey.' b'' b'' b'elf b'--' b'' b'"the purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas, obscure pure' b'reasoning, and inhibit clarity. with a little pratice, writing can be' b'an intimidating and impenetrable fog!" bill watterson\'s calvin.' 