b'' b'' b'' b'' b'i find it very interesting that you say there will be million' b"queers in the march on washington. the largest figure i've seen in" b'the press is million and we all know how liberal the press is with' b'their numbers. b'' b'for another thing, of million is million not maybe' b"that's where you got the million number. also, the number cited" b'in the actual report is so that would be about million.' b'' b'as for this march on washington, i wonder how much the media is' b'going to inflate the numbers this time. last time, for the' b'pro-abortion rally, they more than doubled the actual number of' b'people who showed up. that and all the stories coming out of how' b'the press "slants" the news really makes one wonder who\'s watching' b'the watchers.' b'' b'why are you all playing these pathetic number games? the number of people' b'showing up at the mow hardly constitutes the entire queer populace. i doubt' b"that it constitutes more than a handful of us. i'm queer, and i won't be" b"there, simply because i don't have the time or the transportation. what the" b'hell makes you think the participants in the mow embody more than a minimum' b'number?' b'' b"face it, people, we're everywhere. there are always more of us than you" b'think. our numbers are constantly growing, not diminishing...some of your' b'children will grow up to join us. hell, some of my children may grow up to' b'join us. the best way to deal with this phenomenon is not to fear it and' b"blind yourself to it, but to realize that you have nothing to fear. we're" b"not perverts, we're not dangerous, we're just here, and we're human just" b'like you--er, most of you.' b'' b"idiots like cramer and kaldis can rant all they like. it won't do them one" b'iota of good.' b'' b'drewcifer' b'' b"p.s. i still can't get over the fact that some people actually believe that" b'every queer in the u.s. would show up at the mow, and that these numbers are' b'meaningful. and, come to think of it, what about those of us in other' b'countries? tree.' b'' b'--' b'----bi andrew d. simchik\t\t\t\t\tschnopia!' b'\\\\ b'\\/ "words weren\'t made for cowards"--happy rhodes' 