b'' b'(note: cross-posted to alt.politics.italy and talk.politics.misc' b'this is a reply to an article by ed ipser which also appeared in' b'alt.politics.usa.misc and alt.politics.libertarian, but no longer belongs)' b'' b'' b'i hate to defend ed (the article was very poorly written) but here goes:' b'' b'ed should take a look at the budget deficit regan and bush created together' b'before he starts to make claims about europe collapsing based on the budget' b'deficits here. none of them are serious on the usa scale.' b'' b"italy's per-capita debt is much higher than usa's." b'' b'' b'we do not want our countries to be run by a narrow elite of rich lawyers' b'for the benefit of the super wealthy.' b'' b'this is *exactly* what the public in france italy perceive to be the' b'problem-- thus the french election and italian pulizia.' b'' b'' b'regarding the post-pulizia italy:' b'what looks likely to happen is the fringe parties are going to do much' b'better in the next election. most of the parliamentary deputies are going' b'to get replaced and the parties are going to be forced to look to people' b'who are free of any hint of corruption. look out for a parliament of' b"pavarotti's and porn stars." b'' b'wrong. this is true perhaps only for the lega nord.' b'the referendum sunday is expected to establish a british/american style' b'first-past-the-post system in the senate. if implemented, it would' b'encourage a two- (or perhaps three-) party system in italy.' b'most likely the dc and psi will not be these parties; rather there will' b'be a shakeup of the entire party structure from which new parties' b'will emerge to dominate. will lega nord be one of these? who knows.' b'' b'(the camera dei deputati (lower house) will likely remain with' b'proportional representation for a while, but there is talk of switching a' b'portion of that house, too. maybe as much as first-past-the-post)' b'' b'overall, the electoral reform in italy is a welcome change. italians' b"are tired of having crappy government. porn stars, pavarotti's and" b"hunters fishers won't gain seats because pr is dead. a good two-party" b'system will bring italy efficient, accountable government.' b'' b"it's about time." b'' b'jeff hagen' b'' 