b'' b'wrence c. foard) writes:' b'' b'' b'from the santa rosa (cal.) press-democrat, april p. b2:' b'' b' male sex survey: gay activity low' b'' b' a new natonal study on male sexual behavior, the most thorough' b" examination of american men's sexual practices published since" b' the kinsey report more than four decades ago, shows about b' percent of the men surveyed had engaged in homosexual sex and' b' percent considered themselves exclusively homosexual.' b'' b' the figures on homosexuality in the study released wednesday' b' by the alan guttmacher institute are significantly lower than' b' the percent figure that has been part of the conventional' b' wisdom since it was published in the kinsey report.' b'' b'1) so what?' b'' b'so there are less gays, then the gays claim.' b'' b'2) it will be interesting to see the reaction when 2.5million queers' b' gather in washington dc. after all if there are only 6million of' b' us then this is an event unprecidented in history...' b'' b'' b"dream on. abortion and african-american civil rights rallies don't even bring" b'in half of that.' b'' b'the article also contains numbers on the number of sexual partners.' b'the median number of sexual partners for all men was b'' b"don't forget that had or more partners...." b'' b'' b"i was wondering why i wasn't getting laid." b'' b'compared to the table i have already posted from masters, johnson,' b'and kolodny showing male homosexual partners, it is apparent that' b'homosexual men are dramatically more promiscuous than the general' b'male population.' b'' b'and what did this study show for number of sexual contacts for those' b'who said they where homosexual? or is that number to inconvient for' b'you....' b'' b'' b"if it's more, then who cares?" b'' b"it's a shame that we don't have a breakdown for" b'straight men vs. gay/bi men that would show even more dramatically' b'how much more promiscuous gay/bi men are.' b'' b'fuck off' b'' b'' b'actually, i bet you more gay/bi men are as not as promiscuous as gay men,' b'because more of them could have the "option" of living a straight life, and' b'with social pressures, probably would at least try.' b'' b'--' b'------ join the pythagorean reform church! b'\\ repent of your evil irrational numbers b' and bean eating ways. accept into your heart! b' call the pythagorean reform church bbs at b'' b'' b'did you know that is is a fact that homosexuality was comparatively high in' b"hitler's storm troopers (sa) before he came to power. i wonder if they got to" b'put the triangles on themselves......' b'' b'ryan' 