b'' b'- b'- for those who still doubt what is going on, this is' b'- from the still uncensored ap wire:' b'- b'- two journalists from houston arrested at gun-point and' b'- cuffed and jailed for taking pictures of the compound today.' b'- later released on bail, but cameras and film were confiscated.' b'- b'- jh' b'- b'- \tyou could work for cnn. take a few lines from a story and' b"- imply something with it but don't say what you really mean." b'- b'- \tthe police always close off the area around a major crime' b'- scene to keep evidence from being disturbed' b'-' b'- by taking pictures?' b'' b'they leave foot prints, they may drop some trash on the' b'ground, and they may pick up something that looks interesting.' b'' b'-' b'- and it is a misdemeanor' b'- to enter the closed off area. one of the photographers also quickly' b'- spun around with a long lens camera while the officer was approaching,' b'- a good way to get shot.' b'-' b'- well, that (hopefully) depends on what country one is in.' b'' b'it has nothing to do with the country. you are coming toward' b'someone in an area where there has been violent confrontations, and' b'one guy spins around quickly with an object that looks like a gun.' b'police are not trained to stand there and let someone gun them down.' b'' b'- there was also no indication in that story' b"- that they wouldn't get their cameras and film back after getting out" b'- of jail.' b'-' b'- once goverment agents have had an opportunity to check' b'- the film out.' b'' b"you're making statements that are not supported by facts." b"don't let paranoia get the best of you. wait to see if the reporters" b"don't get their film back or they get it back developed before" b'screaming conspiracy.' b'' b'-' b'- i think it was barry goldwater who once said "the goverment' b'- that is big enough to give you everything is big enough to' b'- take everything from you." you life and/or freedom including.' b'- of course, that could not happen to you, could it?' b'' b'our government is not big enough to give you everything,' b'despite the efforts of people like bill clinton. taking a statement' b'like that and thinking `everything done in the name of law enforcement' b"is wrong' is simple minded and ignorant of history. a government is a" b'necessary evil, and we must decide what it should be allowed to do' b'based on facts, history, and not by baseless claims.' b'--' b'jason c. austin' b'' 