b'' b' you mean, since your philosophy took over, the economy has almost' b' collapsed.' b'' b" excuse me, *my* philosophy? you don't have any idea what *my* philosophy" b' is. the american economy has had its ups and downs through a number of' b' prevailing economic philosophies. but then, economics is hardly a science.' b'' b' in my lifetime, your philosophy socialism masquerading as a liberal' b' welfare state has been in ascendancy.' b'' b'yo--earth to clayton--*my* philosophy? i have never discussed this with you.' b"i know it's a minor point, but, gee, dude, you have no idea what economic" b"and political principles i adhere to. but don't let that stop you--you're on a" b"roll. just ascribe to me whatever you want--i know you'll choose wisely." b'after all, i *do* believe in personal responsibility.' b'' b' no, i mean exactly what i wrote--the welfare system of the new deal is' b' wholly inadequate to cope with the current state of affairs.' b'' b' absolutely. so the response of socialists is take us even further' b' into socialism.' b'' b'duh. what else would you *expect* a socialist to do?' b'' b' flash-in-the-pan? no, your subculture has utterly dominated the' b' tv and movie industries for two decades now.' b'' b" *my* subculture? my, we're getting personal. the only subculture i see" b" dominating the tv and movie industries is *money*. if you'll buy it," b" they'll sell it. and as recent movements to boycott tv advertisers have" b" shown, they're *very* sensitive about what sells. whatever happened to" b' personal responsibility, anyway? or am i personally responsible for' b' the decline in that, too?' b'' b' to the extent that people have been encouraged to not be responsible' b' for themselves, yes.' b'' b'(a) just when and where have i encouraged people not to be responsible' b'for themselves? be specific--but do make up random dates and heinous' b'acts as you see fit.' b'' b'(b) you and i have encouraged many people to do many things. how does that' b'in any way make our audiences less responsible for their actions? is there' b'a finite amount of responsibility, so (cf. conservation of energy) as' b'i become more responsible for an occurrence by encouraging it the actual' b'perpetrator becomes correspondingly less so? at what point does the' b'perpetrator become completely innocent altogether? you know, this lends' b'a whole new meaning to the term "the moral high ground".' b'' b' oddly enough, all the unskilled or semiskilled people i know manage' b' to find employment almost immediately. maybe she needs to move to a' b' cheaper part of the country, where jobs are plentiful, and the cost' b' of living is lower.' b'' b' the west side of chicago is about as cheap as it gets--squalor city.' b" tell me about all these places where it's cheap to live and jobs are" b" abundant--i'll pass them on." b'' b' sonoma county.' b'' b'i will pass the info on. out of curiosity, what kind of jobs would these' b"be? what's the demographic mix wrt race, age, culture?" b'' b' lots of employment, and utterly surrounded by socialists. well, i suppose' b" that's the sort of environment that would attract socialists, or at least" b' not dissuade them.' b'' b" no, it's that areas with a lot of wealthy breed socialists all the" b' spoiled rich kids, feeling guilty about their wealth. but not guilty' b' enough to give it away they just look for politicians to take my' b' more limited wealth away.' b'' b"life's a bitch, ain't it? man, you've got to get out of fornicalia--have" b'you considered someplace perhaps geographically distant but politically' b'more friendly to you, like, say, indiana? or maybe utah?' b'' b" well, i doubt that much of this goes to drugs--there isn't much left after" b' buying food, and there is very little in the first place. sure, you read' b" about such cases now and then, but that's what makes them news. show me" b' your statistics about afdc abuse.' b'' b' i can tell you that relatives i have known, the drugs came first, the' b' food was secondary.' b'' b"i don't doubt it, but unless you can show me statistics to the contrary" b'i will persist in my apparently dogmatic socialist belief (hey, if *you* say' b'so) that most afdc money really does--for better or worse in the long' b'term--feed fdcs.' b'' b'*** b'ken perlow b'16 apr germinal an cci' b'** b"...l'audace! toujours de l'audace! encore de l'audace!" 