b'' b'' b'|the murderes of four police officers to justice perhaps we could' b'|hear it.' b'|' b'|they _had_ a sure-fire method: keep them bottled up and talk them to death or' b'|surrender without giving him justification for some looney-tune religious' b'|stunt.' b'|' b"|phil, i've been reading your postings for months and i'm convinced that you" b'|will back anything, no matter how damaging it may be to yours or anyone' b"|else's rights if you think it will hurt people you don't like. it's people" b'|with that attitude that set up the preconditions for the holocaust, a process' b'|that is in place _now_ in this country, even if the tattered, pitiful remains' b"|of the constitution is slowing its progress. this isn't a libertarian issue," b'|others may argue that line, but from a strictly constitutional view of a' b"|democratic gov't, what the fbi and batf did was wrong, wrong, wrong, even if" b'|their _reasons_ for trying to arrest koresh were right. _anything_ that' b'|leads to the deaths of children, if nothing else touches your stoney' b"|heart, is _wrong_ no matter who pushed the button. for god's sake, man, get" b'|your morality back.' b'' b'the person who murdered children was koresh. he kept them there and' b'brought about their deaths deliberately.' b'' b'you may consider that i am a complete bastard and a not very nice chap.' b"thats quite true. i don't pretend to be. being nice is what amateurs" b'try to do. if you want to talk politics you are talking hard decisions' b'such as whether the lives of the troops should be risked attempting' b'to rescue the children. anyone who has held the office of president' b'of the united states since fdr has held the threat that if the usa' b'or its allies were to be threatened then the usa would risk nuclear' b'holocaust in order to protect freedom. beleive it or not, that is not' b'the sort of threat that nice chaps make. do they have a gun nutters' b'section of the us version of cnd by any chance?' b'' b'' b'there are cases where society has to be protected from' b'madmen such as koresh or hitler. if it were not for the consideration' b'of the children in there the question of the tactics to be used would' b'not be a matter of anything but academic significance. it is not for' b'the govt to prevent people from commiting mass suicide.' b'' b'the latest reports are that cult members were shot attempting to' b'leave the compound by koresh loyalists during the fire. if proven' b'that would entail the final nail in the coffin of those who want to' b'promote koresh as some sort of role model or hero.' b'' b'i need hardly add that it is koresh that has created the holocaust in' b'this case by the deliberate arson of the ranch appocalypse.' b'' b'let me see if i got this right.' b'' b'group of religious plinter schismatics erect a compound' b'and after at least fifty years of peaceful co-existance' b'with the outside community (having shoot outs only with' b'each other) this makes them dangerous. prior history' b'would seem to indicate they are only dangerous to themselves.' b'' b'last i knew there was no national branch davidian party' b'blaming the debacle in veitnam on foreign meddlers and' b'three-two beer, calling for the rounding up of meat packers,' b'growers and slaughter houses.' b'' b'you want tough political choices how about letting odd balls' b'be odd balls? (i know, this requires tolerance for' b'those that go into government but we all know people' b'who have no useful skills.)' b'' b'' b'ith the death of the children everybody is getting' b'real upset what about the other plus people?' b'i suppose that you consider children to be property' b'of the state with the family as custodians. (in the' b'states its the other way around children are parental property.)' b'if what you consider a corrupt government demands that' b'you send you children into _their_ tender care i' b'suppose that you will obey the state and turn you children' b'over to their care. sorry i am not as enamoured of the' b'womb to tomb cradle that is ingsoc.' b'' b'gotta go, the beach is calling.' b'chus' b'pyotr' b'' b'--' b'april you realize that this makes twice in two' b'months that the government had a perfect plan that went awry?' b'' 