b'' b"\ta judge denied gm's new trial motion, even though gm says it has two" b'new witnesses that said the occupant of the truck was dead from the' b'impact, not from the fire.' b'' b'\tthoughts?' b'' b"\tit's kind of scary when you realize that judges are going to start" b'denying new trials even when new evidence that contradicts the facts that led' b'to the previous ruling appear.' b'' b'there\'s this minor thing called "interest of finality/repose". what' b"it means is that parties aren't dragged into court over and over again" b'because the losing side "discovers" some "new" evidence. i don\'t know' b'about you, brett, but i suspect gm had the resources to find just' b'about as many expert and fact witnesses as it wanted before the trial' b'started. letting them re-open the case now is practically an' b'invitation to every civil litigant on earth to keep an ace in the hole' b'in case the verdict goes against him.' b'' b'btw, in federal criminal cases, rule does permit a motion for a new' b'trial "based on *newly discovered* evidence" if made within b"years of the verdict. (emphasis mine.) if you're trying to make a" b'backhanded point about criminal justice in a discussion that has' b'little to do with criminal trials as the estimable david brock did' b'in his amusing wsj piece last week save your breath.' b'' b'' b'' b'\tor has the judge decided that the new witnesses are not to be' b'believed?' b"shouldn't that be up to a jury?" b'' b'yup. which is why they shoulda been brought around the first time' b'through.' b'' b'' b'\tand what about members of the previous jury parading through the talk' b"shows proclaiming their obvious bias against gm? shouldn't that be enough for" b'a judge to through out the old verdict and call for a new trial?' b'\twhatever happened to jurors having to be objective?' b'' b"unless there's some reason to believe that this supposed bias predated" b'the trial (as opposed to being a product of it), and that gm was' b'unfairly prevented from discovering it (by venireman concealment or' b'otherwise), why should gm be allowed to complain?' b'' b'--' b'moral: always choose the right sort of parents' b'before you start in to be rough' b'- george ade' 