b'' b'...' b'\tblue cross is the government health insurance provider.' b'' b'\toops.' b'' b' oops? blue cross may well be the insurer for government workers in' b' massachusetts as it is for a number of state and local governments, i' b" don't know. but blue cross is certainly not a government agency." b' it is a private insurer.' b'' b'\tyes it is a private insurer that has to deal with government' b"regulations concerning how it's employees are to be covered processed, etc." b'there are a mountain of forms that gov. employees have to go through.' b'' b'sorry, but this is a red herring.' b'' b'are you contending that the "mountain of forms" are processed by blue' b'cross? having had blue cross insurance both as a government employee' b'and as an employee of a private corporation, i saw no difference between' b'the two sets of forms.' b'' b'moreover, the administrative costs associated with medicare/medicaid,' b'the two primary forms of "government" insurance are considerably lower than' b'the average for private insurance companies. versus b'' b'if you have any evidence that blue cross bears a heavier burden in insuring' b'government employees than private employees, post it. otherwise, try' b'to stick to factual assertions.' b'' b'' b' and as the original post implied, it is private insurers in the us' b' whose administrative costs are significantly higher than the administrative' b' costs of tax-supported health care systems in canada and elsewhere.' b'' b'\tonly those that remain paper-bound and refuse to standardize.' b'' b'well now, that\'s an interesting defense of the "free enterprise" system.' b'are you contending that it is government intervention that prevents' b'private insurance companies from "standardizing?"' b'' b'in fact, it is true that some of the red-tape burden stems from the' b'lack of standardization among the or so private insurers in the us,' b"but it's a little difficult to understand how this is anything other than" b'"free enterprise" at work.' b'' b"by the way, barron's, the bible of wall street, this week admitted that" b'administrative costs were significantly lower in canada because "....a' b'single-payer system is always cheaper...". guess even the "free enterprise' b'advocates" are beginning to see the light.' b'' b' try again.' b'' b"\twhy? my hmo provides good service at a low cost. and i don't have the" b'government telling my doctors what they can and can not say about medical' b'procedures.' b'' b'sorry, but you seem to be confusing proposals with health care' b"reform with the bush administration's gag order on federally funded family" b'planning clinics. there are no proposals that would control what your' b'"doctor...can and cannot say about medical procedures."' b'' b'try again.' b'' b'jsh' b'--' b'"one thing about data, it sure does cut| uucp: ...!uunet!isc-br!thor!steveh' b'the bulls**t." r. hofferbert ma bell: b'' 