b'' b'' b'' b'assuming, for the sake of argument, that the branch davidian' b'people immolated themselves in the manner described by the' b'federal authorities, why does the general consensus appear to' b'be that they the bd were insane? is it the manner of their' b'behaviour before they died, or the fact they chose to kill' b'themselves rather than submit to the government?' b'' b'i ask this question because there is a tradition, and one that' b'is highly regarded by many people, that several hundred jews' b'elected to throw themselves off a cliff at masada rather than' b'submit to roman rule. the circumstances at masada and those at' b'waco would seem in general terms quite similar, and yet so far' b"as i'm aware nobody has seriously suggested that the jews were" b'insane.' b'' b'the point of this comparison is to question the use of the word' b"'cult' in discussing the events at waco. why were the davidians" b'a cult, and not the jews at masada? what constitutes a cult? is' b'it the size of the membership, or a matter of respectability, or' b"perhaps the length of time it's been in existence? are the" b'catholics a cult? how about the mormons or the calvinists? is' b'a sect a respectible cult?' b'' b'dictionary definitions aside, since popular usage seems to carry' b"more weight, i suspect that the word 'cult' is used in a perjorive" b'sense when speaking of groups like the davidians. it is rather' b"like the word 'boss' when used to describe someone unpopular b'or someone the government wishes to *make* unpopular like, say,' b'castro: "the communist boss of cuba." one doesn\'t hear clinton' b'described as "america\'s democratic [or capitalist] boss."' b'' b'--' b'' b'well, for one thing most, if not all the dividians (depending on whether' b'they could show they acted in self-defense and there were no illegal' b'weapons), could have gone on with their life as they were living it.' b'no one was forcing them to give up their religion or even their' b'legal weapons. the dividians had survived a change in leadership' b'before so even if koresch himself would have been convicted and' b'sent to jail, they still could have carried on.' b'' b"i don't think the dividians were insane, but i don't see a reason" b'for mass suicide (if the fire was intentional set by some of the' b"dividians.) we also don't know that, if the fire was intentionally" b'set from inside, was it a generally know plan or was this something' b'only an inner circle knew about, or was it something two or three' b"felt they had to do with or without koresch's knowledge/blessing, etc.?" b"i don't know much about masada. were some people throwing others over?" b'did mothers jump over with their babies in their arms?' b'' b'richard' b'' b'' b'' 