b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'the white house' b'' b'office of the press secretary' b'_____________________________________________________________________' b'for immediate release april b'' b'' b'press briefing' b'by george stephanopoulos' b'' b'' b'the briefing room' b'' b'' b'12:36 p.m. edt' b'' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: as you know, the president is going' b"to come out at p.m. with your indulgence, i think what we'd" b"like to do is have the president award the national teacher's award" b"first and then have the teacher leave, or whatever, and then he'll" b'make a statement on waco and take a couple questions. so if we can' b"just hold off going live and all that until that's done, it probably" b'will work out a lot better.' b'' b"q\t if you'll give us the time. that's the problem." b'' b"q\t we've got a two-minute warning problem." b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: yes, it is a problem. it's about" b'1:15 p.m.' b'' b'q\t the teacher would walk off and then b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i think that's i'm just trying" b"to work this out here. i think that's the best way to handle it." b'' b'q\t can i ask you a series of questions about the way' b'the president handled the notifications yesterday?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: sure.' b'' b'q\t did you, for instance, talk to the justice' b'department about who would come out and discuss what had happened in' b'waco and whether it should be the attorney general or the president?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: why don't we just take a step even" b'farther back from that and look at the whole sequence of events on' b'the contact between the justice department and the white house. as' b"you know and as we've said, the president spoke with the attorney" b'general on sunday, sunday afternoon. they had a good discussion,' b'about minutes. the attorney general informed the president of' b'what she wanted to do. he raised no objections. obviously, she had' b'the implicit authority from the president to go forward. he raised' b'no objections. she went forward. they had a discussion of a general' b'nature about the incident.' b'' b'again, yesterday morning around a.m., the' b'president spoke with the attorney general again. they had a brief' b'discussion over what was happening in waco. as you know, this was' b'before the fire broke out at the compound. and i think that was why' b'there was some just some confusion. i think that she was' b'confusing in her minds before and after the fire, not the actual day' b'when they spoke.' b'' b'then there was a number of contacts at a number of' b'different levels in the white house yesterday afternoon between the' b'justice department and the white house. they were informing us of' b'' b'their decisions, what they would like to do. there was an fbi' b'briefing in waco. the attorney general had her press conference.' b'the president then issued a statement after that.' b'' b'frankly, yesterday afternoon, you know, there was a fair' b'amount of confusion over exactly what was happening on the ground in' b'waco, and i think that we wanted to be very careful not to have the' b'president say anything until we had a much better sense of what was' b'actually happening on the ground. once we were fairly clear on what' b'was happening on the ground in waco, the president issued a' b'statement. he spoke with the attorney general again yesterday' b'evening.' b'' b'q\t at what hour was that?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: it was quite late. i believe it' b'was after he returned from the holocaust museum. he took a tour of' b'the holocaust museum last night.' b'' b'q\t and he went out to dinner.' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i believe briefly. yes, he went to' b'dinner and then he spoke with the attorney general last night. i' b"don't know the exact time; i think it was relatively late. and he" b'just said, i think as dee dee has reported, that he just wanted to' b'tell her that he thought she handled a difficult situation very well,' b'that she did a good job in a tough situation, and that she should try' b'and get some sleep. he then, again, spoke with her this morning' b"about the follow-up in waco, and about what they're going to do this" b'afternoon. as you know, the president will have an announcement to' b'make at b'' b'q\t did he ever talk with webb hubbell yesterday, last' b'night, or this morning?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: not to my knowledge, no.' b'' b'q\t was webb hubbell the point man for the white house?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: webb hubbell is the general white' b'house liaison and several people talked to webb. the attorney' b'general was running the operation.' b'' b'q\t did he tell her that she should sleep well, that' b'she had done a good job? or he just tell her that she should get' b'some sleep?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think sleep well done a good' b"job i don't know the exact words. i think that sounds right." b'' b'q\t i mean, sleep well has implications as to' b'conscience and whether she should feel badly about it or not.' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: well, i mean, i think everybody' b'feels badly when you have a situation when b'' b'q\t i understand that, but whether the issue of blame' b'is brought up in that phraseology.' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i think that's the spirit no, it" b'has nothing to do with that. the spirit with which it was offered' b'was that the entire administration and certainly the attorney general' b'had to face a very difficult decision, a very difficult situation' b'yesterday. and that he thought that she had handled it well, as best' b'as she could and b'' b'q\t well, does he think it was mishandled?' b'' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: it was just speaking of warm' b'words to a friend.' b'' b'q\t does he think the situation was mishandled?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: the president b'' b'q\t in retrospect?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: the president stands by the' b'decisions of the law enforcement agencies, the decisions of the' b'attorney general. he accepts full responsibility. at the same time,' b'i think that we all want to look to the future and figure out what' b'exactly happened, do a full review, and make sure we do what we can' b"to make sure this doesn't happen this kind of thing doesn't happen" b'again, or at least we know how to handle it.' b'' b'q\t how much did he know about what she was going to go' b'ahead with? i know that she made the case to him explained b'outlined the case for action. did she say to him on sunday precisely' b'what action?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i don't think it was specific" b'operational detail as to what was going to happen. i think that they' b'had a general discussion about the action, about the advisability of' b'action. i think, as she noted, he asked a few general questions just' b"trying to get a sense of how things were considered. but it wasn't" b'minute-by-minute detail of how the operation b'' b'q\t well, was it, "we are going in." is it, "we\'re' b'going to use tear gas"? i mean, what?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i believe it was that we want to go' b'in and take some action that would increase the pressure on those in' b'the compound, and hopefully spur them towards some sort of movement' b'out.' b'' b'q\t george, was there ever a conscious political' b'decision made, or even a discussion about distancing the president' b'from b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: not at all. i mean, we were in' b'close contact with the justice department. the president accepts' b'responsibility for this. at the same time i mean, we just wanted' b'to be very, very clear about how this happened and be as factual as' b'we could be on how the decisions were made. it is the responsibility' b'of those on the ground to make recommendations. the attorney general' b'has operational control over this. the president obviously accepts' b'responsibility for all of this, and he stands by the attorney' b'general.' b'' b'q\t george, there was a report on the television today' b"-- and i don't know more than that one of the members of the cult" b'had said going into a courthouse that the fbi had started the fire' b'and not themselves. there was also a picture yesterday on the tv of' b'a smashing into the building where the fire broke out. and my' b'question is, is the white house absolutely certain that this fire was' b'--' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: all the evidence we have is that' b'this fire was started by david koresh and those inside the compound' b'-- every bit of evidence we have.' b'' b'q\t did the president ask the attorney general why do' b'this now, why this particular date, and did he ask about possible' b'consequences of either death or injury?' b'' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i don't know the specific" b'questions. he had general questions about how the decision was going' b'about being made.' b'' b'q\t those are general questions and did he ask' b'generally, why now?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think he asked, have you' b'considered all of the consequences; have you considered the' b'recommendations? i don\'t know if he asked the question, "why now? b"i don't know if he asked that specific question." b'' b'q\t did she tell him why now in terms of the stuff' b"that's come out since then about the information provided by the" b'listening device about koresh getting increasingly more violent?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: again, i'm not certain how much" b'specific detail they got into. i know that she generally said that' b"this is the recommendation she's prepared to make, i mean, the" b"decision she's prepared to make. it's based on the recommendations" b'she was receiving from the field and after intensive questioning of' b'those involved. again, i do not know how precisely detailed it was' b'beyond that.' b'' b"q\t what is the president's understanding why" b'yesterday? one of the people who went into the compound a couple' b'weeks ago came out over the weekend with some speculation that he may' b'have told law enforcement people something that precipitated this' b'action. why yesterday?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: this is the first i've heard. i" b'think what we can go to is what the fbi and the attorney general has' b'said. there were indications that those inside the compound were at' b'some danger. it was clear that the negotiations had broken down and' b'it was the judgment of the experts involved in the negotiations that' b'the situation was not going to get any better at all.' b'' b'there was also some concern over the vulnerability of' b'the agents themselves who had been working long beyond the time that' b'these teams normally have to work. and as the attorney general has' b'said, there was some concern over the fact that they did not have' b'replacements in place who could stand in for them, and there was a' b'concern over the safety.' b'' b'all of these factors came into play. they also' b'considered the advice of a number of psychologists and other experts' b'on david koresh and those in the compound. i would just go back to' b'what the attorney general has said. you have to make the best' b'judgment you can, given the information you have at the time. they' b"did. obviously, we all regret the loss of life. it's a terribly" b'unfortunate situation. we all wish it could have turned out' b"differently, but that doesn't take away from the judgments that were" b'made at the time.' b'' b'q\t george, when did the president know that they were' b'going to use tear gas? was it before the assault on the compound?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i just don't know. i don't believe" b'he was given a lot of detail on exactly how the operation would go.' b"i just don't know." b'' b'q\t along that point, george, can you say whether the' b'plan was presented to the president by the attorney general as a way' b'to end the standoff one way or the other yesterday?' b'' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think it was presented as a way' b'to increase the pressure on those in the compound and, we all hoped,' b"as a way to move some of those out and bring it in it wasn't" b'presented as tomorrow is d-day, this is it.' b'' b'q\t is the president satisfied that, a, he had all this' b'relevant information necessary to make a decision, and b, that janet' b'reno had all the relevant information necessary to make a decision?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: oh, i think he's satisfied that" b'they were acting on the best advice and the best information they' b"had, and he's not second-guessing it in any way whatsoever." b'' b'q\t george, was there a 12-hour gap between' b'conversations between the president and the attorney general? in' b"other words, they spoke at a.m. and they didn't speak again" b'until clinton got back from dinner at b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i think that's likely, yes." b'' b'q\t did he call her? what time did she call? was' b'there a gap between when she called him? i mean, was he at dinner' b'when she called and b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no, no, no. i think he called her' b"last night. i couldn't swear to it, but i believe he called her last" b'night. he just wanted to talk to her.' b'' b'q\t what was going on?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: not that i know of, no.' b'' b'q\t what do you know about the situation now? everyone' b'has perished who except eight or nine? and do you know any of the' b'other details?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i don't know any more details than" b'the fbi reported in waco.' b'' b'q\t watching cnn or how was he keeping track of what' b"is going on? if he wasn't talking to his attorney general, how was" b'he keeping track of what was going on here? i mean, with all due' b'respect to cnn, is that how he was doing it?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no. there was also as i said,' b'several people in the white house were in constant contact with their' b'counterparts at justice to have the full and complete information.' b'' b'q\t who were those contacts? i mean, was it mack' b'mclarty, webb hubbell? how was the president being kept informed?' b"that's not a b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i believe mack was in contact with' b'webb. i spoke with several people at the justice department. i' b'believe bruce lindsey spoke with people at the justice department.' b'either bernie or vince was also in contact at different times during' b'the day with people at the justice department. we were fully briefed' b'and fully informed.' b'' b'q\t we were told this morning that the president may' b'have spoken a chance that he may have spoken with webb. do you' b"know if that's true or not?" b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i think there's a chance he may" b"have. i don't believe he did, but i think there's certainly a chance" b"that he may have at some point. i don't believe he did. i think" b'that the last contact he had during the day yesterday directly with' b'' b'the justice department was the a.m. phone call with the' b'attorney general. but the white house was fully informed on a' b'minute-to-minute basis of what was happening in waco and what was' b'happening at the justice department.' b'' b'q\t george, who decided that the briefing would be done' b'by the attorney general?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: the attorney general.' b'' b'q\t did you or did the white house communications staff' b'-- were you ever involved with that decision?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no. we were told about it.' b'' b'q\t did you ask her to go on nightline and macneil-' b'lehrer and all that stuff? was that part of b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no.' b'' b'q\t there was no advice from the white house at all' b'about her she was on all night, all day. (laughter.)' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: yes, and she did a very good job.' b'' b"q\t why did you decide to have the president's reaction" b'to the situation be only a written statement, which is traditionally' b"the white house's way of distancing the president from the issue, not" b'having him appear as personally saying anything?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: well, that wasn't the intent at" b'all. as i said, we had to we wanted to wait until we had all of' b'the information at hand. the president is also making a statement' b'today. the president made a statement yesterday morning. the' b'president has been fully involved b'' b'q\t after this turned into less than a successful' b'operation, the only statement from the president was what was on' b'paper after the attorney general had already given what amounted to' b'the major facts in this.' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: well, it was the first statement' b'from the president, not the only statement from the president, number' b'one.' b'' b'q\t after the b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: number two well, the first.' b'number two, the attorney general b'' b'q\t he gave a statement early in the morning when the' b'thing was starting to move b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: right. and he gave one yesterday' b"and he's giving one today. now, the second point b'' b'q\t it just happens this was a written statement with' b'no sort of communications policy or thought process involved? it was' b'the president wants to put out a written statement?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: knowing what we knew at the time,' b'we thought it was appropriate for the president and he thought it was' b'appropriate to put out a written statement expressing his regret and' b"expressing his support for the attorney general's b'' b'q\t why was it not appropriate for him to personally do' b'something?' b'' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: well, he did personally do so.' b"that is his statement. it's a statement under his name." b'' b"q\t george, yesterday during the briefing you didn't" b'say the president took full responsibility for what happened b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i certainly did.' b'' b'q\t no, what you said was b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: that's just not right, susan." b'' b'q\t well, i think you can go back to the transcript, i' b'mean, unless i miss something b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i'd love to." b'' b'q\t janet reno said that she took full' b'responsibility and you said that she made the decision, that the fbi' b'--' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: and the president takes' b'responsibility. absolutely.' b'' b'q\t took responsibility all right.' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: check the transcript.' b'' b'q\t considering how little was known about what was' b'going on inside the compound and, even now, how little is known, why' b'is washington calling this a mass suicide?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: well, i think that knowing what we' b'know now and given all of the actions of david koresh before and' b'during, it is painfully clear that those there were under his' b'control.' b'' b"q\t it's stretching it a little bit where the kids are" b"concerned, though, isn't it, george?" b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think that that is an entirely' b'different matter. i mean, i think that david koresh must bear' b'responsibility for the deaths of those children, absolutely. but he' b'clearly was intent on creating some kind of an apocalyptic incident,' b"and that's what he did." b'' b"q\t you're still operating completely on assumption," b'right? i mean, you have no evidence, or you know of no evidence that' b'this was mass suicide.' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: we have evidence that those inside' b'the compound set fire to the compound, which led to the deaths of' b'those inside.' b'' b"q\t i didn't quite hear it. this might be ann's" b"question, i didn't quite hear it. but at what time did clinton" b'himself put out a statement on this? i know dee dee said some stuff' b'on this at p.m., but the president put out b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: at p.m., p.m.' b'' b'q\t right after the evening news went on the air?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no, right when we had all the' b'information. we were working on it.' b'' b'' b'q \t dee dee confirmed this morning that the' b'investigation the president is going to announce is going to be an' b'administration-run investigation. why not have someone from the' b"outside to make sure that it's not colored by those who would have a" b'political stake, particularly those at the atf whose actions have' b'already been b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think that clearly the atf and' b'the justice department will bear responsibility for the' b"investigation. that's not to rule out, as is often in investigations" b'like this, having some sort of independent involvement as well. but' b'it will be run by the treasury and justice.' b'' b'q\t are you confident that you will not have any' b'problem getting b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: absolutely.' b'' b'q\t george, did the president reach out to anybody else' b'to get advice after the meeting with janet reno? and who else in the' b'white house sat in on that meeting? anyone else from justice?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i don't believe anybody else was" b"there at the time. it was a phone call on monday, it wasn't a" b'meeting.' b'' b'q\t sunday.' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: sunday. it was a phone call, it' b"wasn't a meeting. i believe he might have been there with bruce, but" b'beyond that, i think he just talked to the attorney general.' b'' b'q\t george, you said that in that phone call, she said' b'that we want to go in and take action, as you said, that will force' b"him out. what did he think she was talking about? if he didn't know" b'about tear gas, what exactly was his idea of what he was approving?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think he was approving an action' b'to increase the pressure on b'' b"q\x08q\t it didn't matter how she did that?" b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no, no. i mean b'' b'q\t what information did he have in terms of how this' b'would proceed? presumably he would have wanted to know, not minute-' b'by-minute, but in a general sense b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think he knew that this was the' b'recommendation of those on the ground and the recommendation of the' b"law enforcement agencies. i just don't know b'' b'q\t what is "this" when you say that "this" was the' b'recommendation b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: the action to increase pressure. i' b"don't know exactly what he was told whether he was going to be" b'told that the tank was going to go up to the left wall and punch a' b'hole in the window, or whether he was just told generally that they' b'were moving forward in a way that would increase the pressure. i' b"just don't know." b'' b"q\t it's hard to imagine him not asking, though." b'' b'q\t that janet reno presented him with as her best' b'advice about what they should go forward with, he would have agreed?' b'' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: he was he did ask some general' b'questions about the advice and recommendation he gave. at the same' b'time and i would repeat that this was based on the unanimous' b'recommendation of the law enforcement agencies involved.' b'' b'q\t george, it would seem that this question about just' b'exactly in what detail the president was informed about the nature of' b'the operation is going to come up again here and elsewhere. can you' b'take that question and b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: absolutely. yes.' b'' b'q\t get the answer and come back to us with all of' b'it?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: yes.' b'' b'q\t can you tell us that there was never a meeting a' b'strategy session where you and others decided, we will put out a' b'written statement from the president and we will have janet reno be' b'on all of these television broadcasts?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: never. never.' b'' b'q\t and you never called the justice department and' b'said to anyone or janet reno, "you\'re the one who needs to be out' b'front explaining this"?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: not once.' b'' b'q\t it just happened that way that she was the' b'spokesman, that no one ever saw bill sessions until b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: she made a decision as attorney' b'general that it was important for her as the operational officer in' b'charge, as the person who made the decision, to go out and take the' b'questions on this tragic incident.' b'' b'q\t she had no guidance from the white house at all?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: we certainly didn't object." b'' b"q\t but did you (laughter) no, i'm sure you" b"didn't object, but did you suggest it? was this a plan b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no. absolutely not.' b'' b'q\t a strategy?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no.' b'' b'q\t did she clear it?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no.' b'' b'q\t did she notify you?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: we certainly knew about it.' b'' b'q\t what happened to this great detailed process you' b'have for clearing and talking to every public information officer and' b'every under every rock and every place in government that' b'something as major as this could have occurred without a discussion' b'between you and the public information people at least at the justice' b'department?' b'' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: the attorney general made the' b'decision and the attorney general wanted to go forward. it seemed' b'like a good decision. it was a good decision. she did a good job.' b'' b'q\t let me ask it this way, george, if in hindsight how' b'you would handle it?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think it was handled very well.' b'' b"q\t you wouldn't change a thing if b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: change what?' b'' b'q\t the way the white house handled any part of it b'from start to finish.' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: well, i think that's an awful broad" b"question and we're certainly going to have a review. one of the" b'reasons for the investigation is to look for ways in the future that' b'something like this see what we can learn from an incident like' b"this and see what we can learn about how to handle them. if you're" b'talking specifically about the issue of the press conferences, no,' b"there wouldn't make any change at all." b'' b'q\t two questions: first of all, on her going on tv,' b'no white house people or outside media consultants came up with this' b"idea? it's just very reminiscent of what you guys did during the" b'campaign.' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: how so?' b'' b"q\t i'm thinking of like watching clinton on nightline" b'after the draft story; watching clinton on b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: there's absolutely no comparison." b'yesterday there was a law enforcement incident. the incident ended' b'in tragic deaths of many, many people. the attorney general was' b'involved in that decision. the attorney general made the decision to' b'do that. she felt it was her responsibility in the interest of' b'public information to go out and take the questions of the press in' b'order to make sure that all of the questions were answered, and she' b'did a fantastic job.' b'' b'q\t the second question is, did as someone who knows' b"clinton as well as you do, can you understand why it's sort of hard" b'to believe that he might not have asked some detailed questions about' b"what she intended to do? in other words, she came and she said, i'm" b"going to put pressure on them. it's hard not to see clinton, who's" b'fairly intelligent and inquisitive, asking how.' b'' b'q\t what kind?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: both the attorney general said that' b"he did ask questions, he did ask general questions. i don't have a" b'minute-by-minute account of the conversation.' b'' b'q\t how long a conversation?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think it was about minutes.' b'' b'q\t telephone conversation?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: yes.' b'' b'q\t george, was the federal cost of this standoff ever' b'a consideration in terms of stepping up the pressure b'' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i don't believe so, no." b'' b'q\t george, you keep saying that the president takes' b'full responsibility, but then you refer to it as her decision. does' b'the president not accept the fact that as commander-in-chief, it is' b'ultimately his decision?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i don't know what this has to do" b'with commander-in-chief. this was a law enforcement action, not a' b'military action. and he clearly takes responsibility for the' b'decisions of the law enforcement agencies involved taken in his' b"government. i mean, i think there's just no ambiguity about that." b'' b'q\t but is he accepting it as his decision as well as' b"hers, or is he saying it's her decision? there's a difference." b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: as a matter of fact, it was her' b'decision. he did not object to that decision. he clearly takes full' b'responsibility.' b'' b'q\t george, this briefing has gone on just a little' b'over minutes, and as you can see a lot of things can be exchanged.' b'what exactly did they spend minutes talking about if it was just' b"very general? that's a long period of time in a phone conversation." b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: it is an awful long phone' b'conversation. it was a very important phone conversation. i think' b"brit has asked that we take the question, and i've said that i would." b'' b'q\t one of the things reno said last night is that the' b'buck stops here. i think that was her direct quotation. does the' b'president agree with that in this case?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: the president says he accepts full' b'responsibility. i think what the attorney general was saying is that' b"she made a decision, that she's going to accept all the" b"responsibility that comes to her. and she's not shrinking from that" b'at all, but neither is the president.' b'' b'q\t at any point in the conversation last night between' b'the president and the attorney general or this morning, did she ever' b'offer her a resignation?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: not to my knowledge.' b'' b'q\t even before the fire was out yesterday, there were' b'some republicans on capitol hill calling for an investigation. is' b'the white house at all concerned about the timing of those requests' b'trying to make political hay out of this situation?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: no. and i don't want to cast any" b'questions about the motives of those who are requesting' b"investigation. we want an investigation, and we'll have a full and" b'complete investigation.' b'' b"q\t in what forum will you answer brit's question?" b'will you put out a written statement? will you the wires? how' b"will you answer the question that you've taken?" b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i'm just not sure." b'' b'q\t george, can you remind us what the president was' b'doing all yesterday afternoon, where he was, and what meetings he was' b'involved in?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i'll have to try and remember. he" b'had a series of meetings with different members of the staff during' b'' b'the afternoon. he was certainly monitoring the situation in waco and' b'getting periodic reports on that as well. he did see some on cnn as' b'well. i believe he saw a fair amount of the fbi press briefing as' b'well.' b'' b'q\t and those reports would have come to him from mack' b'mclarty, would they do you think?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: mack talked to him, bruce talked to' b'him, i talked to him.' b'' b"q\t george, to follow helen's question, in their" b'conversation this morning did they discuss at all her statement last' b'night in response to the question about whether she would resign?' b"did he say, i don't know why you felt the need to say that? i'm here" b"to reassure you that you don't have to do this? did that come up at" b'all?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i don't know if it even came up" b'that specifically. i know that the bulk of the conversation was' b'discussing where do we go from here and what form the investigation' b'--' b'' b"q\t the didn't talk at all about her kind of" b'remarkable comment last night about b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: well, i believe she was asked a' b'question.' b'' b'q\t and her response was, if the president wants me to,' b'i will.' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: which would be, i think, the' b"standard response that most cabinet members would give. i mean, it's" b'a conditional statement.' b'' b'q\t have a need to talk about whether personally' b'about whether the president wanted her b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i don't know if they talked about" b'it. i mean, what i learned about the conversation was that it was' b"largely about the investigation itself. and this just didn't come" b'up. i did not ask the question if they talked about b'' b'q\t will you take that with the brit package?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: certainly. (laughter.)' b'' b'q\t george, for the record, does the president want her' b'to resign? i know dee dee answered this morning b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: absolutely not. he supports janet' b"reno. she's a good attorney general. she's done a good job. she" b'handled a difficult situation extremely well.' b'' b'q\t george, does the president feel that he and janet' b'reno were let down by the unanimous professional advice from the law' b'enforcement experts on the ground?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: no. and the president is not' b'second-guessing that decision and those recommendations in any way.' b"that is not to say that he doesn't regret the loss of life." b'everybody regrets the loss of life in this situation. but the best' b'judgments were made in a difficult situation based on the best' b'information we had.' b'' b'' b'q\t george, the 15-minute conversation was the one on' b'sunday, is that correct?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: yes.' b'' b'q\t how long was the one at a.m. yesterday' b'morning?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: i don't know. i'll take that" b'question, too.' b'' b'q\t were these outside experts that they were' b'consulting with, or experts within the atf and the fbi?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: you'd have to ask them. i'm just" b'not sure. i know that there were several experts.' b'' b"q\t and also, why weren't there replacements for these" b'people? is the unit that small?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: again, i think it is a very small' b"highly-specialized unit. but i think it's one of the kinds of things" b'that the investigation will examine.' b'' b"q\t george, isn't there a factor here involving the fbi" b'director? normally, a president, when he wants to get information,' b"doesn't only asks the attorney general. i know the chain of command." b'but presidents talk to their fbi directors. in this case, throughout' b'this entire siege, he has not felt that he could pick up the phone' b'and talk to bill sessions, who is from waco, and get expertise from' b'him on what to do and what not to do?' b'' b'mr. stephanopoulos: i think he talked to the fbi' b'director well in the beginning of the situation when it first broke' b'out in waco. at the same time, the attorney general bears the' b'ultimate responsibility and he was getting fully briefed from the' b'attorney general.' b'' b"q\t don't you think the ambiguous situation that" b'director sessions is in has some impact on the way the president is' b'briefed and on the way that all of this evolved?' b'' b"mr. stephanopoulos: not at all. i mean, it's perfectly" b'appropriate that he be briefed by the attorney general and that the' b'attorney general has supervisory authority over the fbi director, and' b"that's following the chain of command." b'' b'the press: thank you b'' b'end p.m. edt' b'' b'#60-04/20' b'' b'' 