b'' b'' b': the selective service registration should be abolished. to start with, the' b": draft is immoral. whether you agree with that or not, we don't have one now," b': and military experts agree that the quality of the armed forces is superior' b': with a volunteer army than with draftees. finally, the government has us' b': on many lists in many computers (the irs, social security admistration and' b': motor vehicle registries to name a few) and it can find us if it needs to.' b': maintaining yet another list of people is an utter waste of money and time.' b": let's axe this whole department, and reduce the deficit a little bit." b'' b'\tmore "gridlock" talk from another relic of the past. the' b'selective service system creates jobs and is an investment in' b'the future of america......and whats wrong with that?' b'' b"do we want to 'create jobs'? or do we want jobs created that are productive" b'in our supply/demand economy? if your answer is the former then we can' b'just round up all jobless people and pay them to build sandcastles in' b'the desert. if you answer the latter then i fail to see how another' b'bureaucracy produces anything.' b'' b'\twe need jobs because at this point in the recovery, the economy' b'should have generated billion jobs and since it has not, the' b'government has to step in and help. shutting down selective service' b'would cost "good jobs" and we can\'t do that.' b'' b'\twhat we really need is to involve selective service in a more' b'closely directed manner. we need the selective service involved' b'in environmental protection, high-speed rail, commuter aircraft,' b'civil rights, national service and health care. every dollar' b'we put into selective service now will get us less spending' b'in future.' b'' b'\ti really believe now to think about it that selective service' b'is long-past due for the creation of a cabinet position.' b'' b'' b"\tyour not beyond hope, just get back on america's side and" b'start doing your part for change. what bill needs from you' b'now is support for the economic stimulus and health care reform.' b'you need to devote all your energies to fighting gridlock and' b'supporting change. get on the team. after all, the evil has' b'been banished from washington and the time for complaint' b'is past being neccessary.' b'' b'\tand remember, bill clinton cares. he may someday even have' b'a town meeting in your city. if your an appropriate sort of' b'person, if you phrase your questions properly and show the' b'proper respect and awe, you might have the chance to ask mr,' b'president your question in person.' b'' b'' b'oh, i get it. this is sarcastic, right?' b'' b'' 