b'' b'archive-name: space/data' b'last-modified: $date: b'' b'online and other sources of images, data, etc.' b'' b'' b'introduction' b'' b'a wide variety of images, data, catalogs, information releases, and' b'other material dealing with space and astronomy may be found on the net.' b'a few sites offer direct dialup access or remote login access, while the' b'remainder support some form of file transfer. many sites are listed as' b"providing 'anonymous ftp'. this refers to the file transfer protocol on" b'the internet. sites not connected to the internet cannot use ftp' b'directly, but there are a few automated ftp servers which operates via' b'on how to make requests.' b'' b'the sources with the broadest selection of material are the nasa ames' b'space archive and the national space science data center.' b'' b"don't even ask for images to be posted to the net. the data volume is" b'huge and nobody wants to spend the time on it.' b'' b'' b'viewing images' b'' b'the possible combinations of image formats and machines is forebodingly' b"large, and i won't attempt to cover common formats (gif, etc.) here. to" b'read pds and vicar (and many other) formats on unix systems running x,' b'use xv available by anonymous ftp from export.lcs.mit.edu' b'(18.24.0.12) in contrib/xv-2.11.tar.z and the other standard x11 ftp' b'sites.' b'' b'the faq for the usenet group alt.binaries.pictures discusses image' b'formats and how to get image viewing software. a copy of this document' b'is available by anonymous ftp from the usenet faq archives at' b'pit-manager.mit.edu in directory' b'pub/usenet/alt.binaries.pictures.' b'' b'' b'online archives' b'' b'nasa ames' b'' b'extensive archives are maintained at nasa ames and are available via' b'anonymous ftp or an email server. these archives include many images and' b'a wide variety of documents including this faq list, nasa press' b'releases, shuttle launch advisories, and mission status reports. please' b'note that these are not maintained on an official basis.' b'' b'ftp users should connect to ames.arc.nasa.gov and look in' b'pub/space. pub/space/index contains a listing of files available in the' b'archive (the index is about 200k by itself).' b'' b'to access the archives by email, send a letter to' b'subject of your letter (or in the body), use commands like:' b'' b'send space index' b'send space shuttle/ss01.23.91.' b'' b'the capitalization of the subdirectory names is important. all are in' b'caps. only text files are handled by the email server at present; use' b'one of the ftp email servers described in the introduction to this' b'section for images or programs.' b'' b'the magellan venus and voyager jupiter, saturn, and uranus cd-rom image' b'disks have been put online in the cdrom and cdrom2 directories. the' b'disks will be rotated on a weekly basis. thousands of images are' b'available in these collections.' b'' b'the gif directory contains images in gif format. the vicar directory' b'contains magellan images in vicar format (these are also available in' b'the gif directory). a pc program capable of displaying these files is' b'found in the imdisp directory (see the item "viewing images" below).' b'' b'the nasa media guide describes the various nasa centers and how to' b'contact their public affairs officers; this may be useful when pursuing' b"specific information. it's in misc/media.guide." b'' b'any problems with the archive server should be reported to peter yee' b'' b'' b'nasa astrophysics data system' b'' b'the ads is a distributed data retrieval system which is easy to use and' b'provides uniform access to ground-based and space-based astronomy data' b'from nasa data centers across the country. it currently has over b'data catalogs of radio, infrared, optical, uv, and x-ray data which can' b'be queried by position or any other parameter in the catalog. the ads' b'also provides tools to manipulate and plot tabular results. in addition,' b'ads has a beta version of an abstracts service which allows users to' b'query over abstracts of astronomy papers since by authors,' b'keywords, title words, or abstract text words.' b'' b'ads use requires direct internet access. for more info and to sign up to' b'"quickstart" guide are available by anonymous ftp to sao-ftp.harvard.edu' b'in directory pub/ads/ads_user_guide (postscript files).' b'' b'' b'' b'nasa jet propulsion lab (mission information and images)' b'' b'pubinfo.jpl.nasa.gov is an anonymous ftp site operated by' b'the jpl public information office, containing news releases, status' b'reports, fact sheets, images, and other data on jpl missions. it may' b'also be reached by modem at (no parity, data bits, b'stop bit).' b'' b'' b'' b'nasa langley (technical reports)' b'' b'techreports.larc.nasa.gov is an anonymous ftp site offering technical' b'reports. to get started, cd to directory pub/techreports/larc/92 and' b'retrieve files readme and abstracts.92. most files are compressed' b'postscript. the reports are also in a wais database with the following' b'description:' b'' b'(:source' b':version b':ip-name "techreports.larc.nasa.gov"' b':tcp-port b':database-name "nasa-larc-abs"' b':cost b':cost-unit :free' b':description "nasa langley research center technical reports' b'' b'' b'' b'nasa spacelink' b'' b'spacelink is an online service located at marshall space flight center' b'in huntsville, alabama. the system is specifically designed for' b'teachers. the data base is arranged to provide easy access to current' b'and historical information on nasa aeronautics, space research, and' b'technology transfer information. also included are suggested classroom' b'activities that incorporate information on nasa projects to teach a' b'number of scientific principles. unlike bulletin board systems, nasa' b'spacelink does not provide for interaction between callers. however it' b'does allow teachers and other callers to leave questions and comments' b'for nasa which may be answered by regular mail. messages are answered' b'electronically, even to acknowledge requests which will be fulfilled by' b'mail. messages are generally handled the next working day except during' b'missions when turnaround times increase. the mail system is closed-loop' b'between the user and nasa.' b'' b'spacelink also offers downloadable shareware and public domain programs' b'useful for science educators as well as space graphics and gif images' b"from nasa's planetary probes and the hubble telescope." b'' b'you can dial in at (300/1200/2400/9600(v.32) baud, b'bits, no parity, stop bit), or telnet to spacelink.msfc.nasa.gov' b"(128.158.13.250, also known as xsl.msfc.nasa.gov) if you're on the" b'internet. anonymous ftp capability (password guest) is now available.' b'' b'most of this information is also available from the ames server in' b'directory spacelink.' b'' b'' b'national space science data center (nssdc)' b'' b'the national space science data center is the official clearinghouse for' b'nasa data. the data catalog (*not* the data itself) is available online.' b'internet users can telnet to nssdca.gsfc.nasa.gov and' b"log in as 'nodis' (no password). you can also get the catalog by sending" b'' b'you can also dial in at or baud, bits,' b'no parity, one stop). at the "enter number:" prompt, enter md and' b'carriage return. when the system responds "call complete," enter a few' b'more carriage returns to get the "username:" and log in as \'nodis\' (no' b'password).' b'' b'the system is menu-driven; topics available as of are:' b'' b'1 -\tmaster directory nasa global change' b'2 -\tpersonnel information management system' b'3 -\tnimbus-7 grid toms data' b'4 -\tinterplanetary medium data (omni)' b'5 -\trequest data and/or information from nssdc' b'6 -\tgeophysical models' b'7 -\tcanopus newsletter' b'8 -\tinternational ultraviolet explorer data request' b'9 -\tczcs browse and order utility' b'10 -\tastronomical data center (adc)' b'11 -\tstep bulletin board service' b'12 -\tstandards and technology information system' b'13 -\tplanetary science magellan project information' b'14 -\tother online data services at nssdc' b'15 -\tcd-roms available at nssdc' b'' b'for users with internet access, datasets are made available via' b'anonymous ftp once you select the desired datasets from the online' b'catalog. for other users, data may be ordered on cd-rom and in other' b'formats. among the many types of data available are voyager, magellan,' b'and other planetary images, earth observation data, and star catalogs.' b'viewers for macintosh and ibm systems are also available. as an example' b'of the cost, an cd set of voyager images is data may ordered' b'online, by email, or by physical mail. the postal address is:' b'' b'national space science data center' b'request coordination office' b'goddard space flight center' b'code b'greenbelt, md b'' b'telephone: b'' b'' b'' b'space telescope science institute electronic information service' b'' b'stsci.edu has a large amount of information about the' b'hubble space telescope available by anonymous ftp, such as status' b'reports and newsletters, in addition to material oriented towards hst' b'observers and proposers. get the top level readme file to begin with.' b'' b'' b'starcat' b'' b'the space telescope european coordination facility, at eso/garching' b'provides on-line access to a huge astronomical database, featuring' b'' b'- observation log files of several satellites/telescopes' b'(iue,iras,hst,ntt...).' b'- spectra and images (iue, hst).' b'- most of the astronomical catalogues (sao, hr, ngc, ppm, iras,' b'veron, gsc and many others, more than in a very convenient' b'way (give center+radius+kind of objects, and you get the' b'corresponding files!).' b'' b"log on as ``starcat'' (no password) on node stesis.hq.eso.org" b'(134.171.8.100) or on stesis (decnet). the files created can be' b'89 at st-ecf' b'' b'' b'astronomical databases' b'' b'the full sao stellar database is *not* available online, probably due to' b'the mb size. it may be ordered on magnetic tape from the nssdc. a' b'subset containing position and magnitude only is available by ftp (see' b'"astronomy programs" below).' b'' b'nic.funet.fi has a large collection of astronomical' b'programs for many types of computers, databases of stars and deep sky' b'objects, and general astronomy information in directory /pub/astro. this' b'site is mainly for european users, but overseas connections are' b'possible.' b'' b'the ames archives contain a database of galaxies including name,' b'ra, declination, magnitude, and radial velocity in misc/galaxy.dat.' b'' b'iris1.ucis.dal.ca has a number of gifs from voyager,' b'hubble, and other sources available by anonymous ftp in pub/gif (most of' b'this data is also in space/gif on the ames server). please restrict' b'access to 5pm 8am atlantic time.' b'' b'pomona.claremont.edu has the yale bright star catalog for anonymous ftp' b'in directory [.yale_bsc]. contact james dishaw' b'' b'the hubble guide star catalog is available on cd-rom for the mac and pc' b'for us (catalog st101).' b'' b'astronomical society of the pacific' b'390 ashton ave.' b'san francisco, ca b'phone: am pm pacific time' b'fax: b'' b'for german (and possibly other european) readers, jost jahn has a' b'service to distribute astronomical data to interested amateurs at cost.' b'about catalogs are available for dm 6..8/disk. several floppy disk' b'formats are available. because of the expense of receiving email on his' b'system, he asks that you contact him by physical mail:' b'' b'jost jahn' b'neustaedter strasse b'w-3123 bodenteich' b'germany' b'phone: frg-5824-3197' b'' b'' b'astronomy programs' b'' b'various astronomy-related programs and databases posted to the net in' b'the past are archived for anonymous ftp at multiple sites, including' b'ftp.uu.net also see the astro-ftp list posted to sci.astro' b'monthly, which is more complete than this list.' b'' b'astonomical/space-related sources of interest in comp.sources.unix:' b'' b'volume 8:\t phoon\tmoon phase and date routines' b'volume starchart\tstarchart program yale star data' b'volume 15:\t moontool\tshows moon phase picture on suns' b'volume 16:\t sao\t\treduced sao catalog' b'' b'astonomical/space-related sources of interest in comp.sources.misc:' b'' b'volume 8:\t moon\tanother moon phase program' b'volume 11:\t starchart\tstarchart program, version b'volume 11:\t n3emo-orbit orbit: track earth satellites' b'volume 12:\t starchart2\tstarchart program, update to version b"volume 13:\t jupmoons\tplotter for jupiter's major moons [in perl]" b'volume 13:\t lunisolar\tlunisolar (not sure what this does)' b'volume 14:\t ephem-4.21\tastronomical ephemeris, v4.21' b'volume 14:\t n3emo-orbit patch to orbit b'volume 18:\t planet\tplanet generation simulator' b'' b'"ephem", has offered to mail copies to people who can\'t find it on one' b'of the archives.' b'' b'xsat, an x window system based satellite tracking program, is' b'available by anonymous ftp from export.lcs.mit.edu in' b'for more information.' b'' b'xsky, a computerized sky atlas for the x window system, is available for' b'anonymous ftp on arizona.edu in the directory [.software.unix.xsky] as' b'more information.' b'' b'the "variable stars analysis software archive" is available via' b'anonymous ftp from kauri.vuw.ac.nz in directory' b'pub/astrophys. this is intended for specialists in this field, and they' b'would appreciate people from outside new zealand confining their ftp' b'access to the astrophys directory, as they pay a significant amount for' b'internet access. contents are relatively sparse at present due to the' b'youth of the archive contributions are encouraged. contact the archive' b'information.' b'' b'the "idl astronomy users library" is available by anonymous ftp from' b'idlastro.gsfc.nasa.gov this is a central repository for' b'general purpose astronomy procedures written in idl, a commercial image' b'processing, plotting, and programming language. contact wayne landsman' b'' b'' b'orbital element sets' b'' b'the most recent orbital elements from the nasa prediction bulletins are' b'carried on the celestial bbs, documentation and tracking' b'software are also available on this system. the celestial bbs may be' b'accessed hours/day at or baud using data bits, b'stop bit, no parity.' b'' b'orbital element sets are available via anonymous ftp from the' b'following sites:' b'' b'archive.afit.af.mil (129.92.1.66)\t nasa,tvro,shuttle' b'directory: /pub/space' b'' b'ftp.funet.fi (128.214.6.100)\t nasa,tvro,molczan,celbbs,' b'directory: /pub/astro/pc/satel\t shuttle b'' b'kilroy.jpl.nasa.gov nasa,molczan' b'directory: /pub/space/' b'' b'' b'space digest archives' b'' b'copies of back issues of space digest are archived on' b'get an index of files; send it the message "get filename filetype" to' b'get a particular file.' b'' b'' b'landsat and nasa photos' b'' b'you can get black-and-white 1:1m prints, negatives, or positives for' b'$10, respectively for any landsat data more than years old' b'from edc, (eros (earth resources orbiting satellite) data center). call' b'them at you get meter resolution from the mss' b'scanner, 135x180 kilometers on a picture 135x180 mm in size. i think you' b'have to select one band from (green, red, near ir, second near ir), but' b"i'm not sure. digitial data is also available at higher prices." b'' b'transparencies of all nasa photos available to the public can be' b'borrowed from the nasa photo archive; you can have copies or prints' b'made.' b'' b'nasa audio-visual facility' b'918 north rengstorff ave' b'mountain view, ca b'(415)-604-6270' b'' b'' b'planetary maps' b'' b'the usgs address for maps of the planets is:' b'' b'u.s. geological survey,' b'distribution branch,' b'box federal center, bldg. b'denver, co b'' b'maps cost to per sheet (a few come in sets of or sheets).' b'' b'the best global maps of mars based on viking images are b'scale in sheets. these maps are:' b'' b'i-1535 sheets only) relief, albedo, names' b'i-1535' b'i-1618 sheets) relief, names' b'i-2030 sheets) relief, topographic contours' b'i-1802-a,b,c sheets) geology' b'' b'there are many other maps as well: sheets at scale in' b'relief, albedo, geology, photomosaic forms (not all sheets available' b'in all formats); sheets at scale as photomosaics of the' b'whole planet, about sheets of interesting sites at scale' b'in photomosaic format, and lots of special sheets.' b'' b'then there are maps of mercury, venus, the moon, the four galilean' b'satellites, six moons of saturn and five of uranus. [phil stooke' b'respond to email requests for information on any topic relating to lunar' b'and planetary maps.]' b'' b'' b'cometary orbit data' b'' b'the central bureau for astronomical telegrams and the minor planet' b'center announce the sixth edition of the catalogue of cometary orbits in' b'iau circular the catalogue contains entries which represent' b'all known comets through november and is pages long.' b'non-subscribers to the circulars may purchase the catalogue for b'while the cost to subscribers is the basic catalogue in ascii' b'along with a program to extract specific orbits and calculate' b'ephemerides is available on ms-dos 5.25-inch 2s2d diskette at a cost of' b'$75.00 (the program requires an math coprocessor). the catalogue' b'alone is also available by e-mail for or on magnetic tape for' b'$300.00.' b'' b'except for the printed version of the catalogue, the various magnetic' b'media or e-mail forms of the catalogue do not specifically meantion' b'non-subscribers. it is possible that these forms of the catalogue may' b'not be available to non-subscribers or that their prices may be more' b'expensive than those given. mail requests for specific information and' b'orders to:' b'' b'central bureau for astronomical telegrams' b'smithsonian astrophysical observatory' b'cambridge, ma usa' b'' b'' b'next: faq performing calculations and interpreting data formats' 