b'' b'archive-name: space/net' b'last-modified: $date: b'' b'network resources' b'' b'overview' b'' b'you may be reading this document on any one of an amazing variety of' b'computers, so much of the material below may not apply to you. in' b"general, however, systems connected to 'the net' fall in one of three" b'categories: internet, usenet, or bitnet. electronic mail may be sent' b'between these networks, and other resources available on one of these' b'networks are sometimes accessible from other networks by email sent to' b"special 'servers'." b'' b'the space and astronomy discussion groups actually are composed of' b'several mechanisms with (mostly) transparent connections between them.' b'' b'one mechanism is the mailing list, in which mail is sent to a central' b'distribution point which relays it to all recipients of the list. in' b'addition to the general lists for space (called space digest for' b'internet users, and space on bitnet), there are a number of more' b'specialized mailing lists described below.' b'' b"a second mechanism is usenet 'netnews'. this is somewhat like a bulletin" b'board operating on each system which is a part of the net. netnews' b'separates contributions into hundreds of different categories based on a' b"'group name'. the groups dealing most closely with space topics are" b"called 'sci.space.news', 'sci.space', 'sci.space.shuttle', 'sci.astro'," b"and 'talk.politics.space'. contributors 'post' submissions (called" b"'articles' in netnews terminology) on their local machine, which sends" b'it to other nearby machines. similarly, articles sent from nearby' b'machines are stored locally and may be forwarded to other systems, so' b'that an article is posted locally and eventually reaches all the usenet' b'sites interested in receiving the news group to which the article was' b'posted.' b'' b'gateway machines redirect the usenet sci.space group into internet and' b'bitnet mailing lists and vice versa; the other usenet groups are not' b'accessible as mailing lists. if you can receive netnews, its more' b'flexible interface and access to a wider range of material usually make' b'it the preferred option.' b'' b'mailing lists' b'' b'space digest is the main internet list, and is now being run by the' b'international space university (in only its second change of management' b"should be in the format 'subscribe space john public') to join. note" b'that the moderated space magazine list is defunct at present for lack of' b'a moderator. old copies of space digest since its inception in are' b'available by anonymous ftp. retrieve' b'julius.cs.qub.ac.uk:pub/spacedigestarchive/readme' b'for further details.' b'' b'elements is a moderated list for fast distribution of space shuttle' b'keplerian elements before and during shuttle flights. nasa two line' b'elements are sent out on the list from dr. kelso, jsc, and other sources' b'' b'gps digest is a moderated list for discussion of the global positioning' b'system and other satellite navigation positioning systems. email to' b'' b'space-investors is a list for information relevant to investing in' b'' b'space-tech is a list for more technical discussion of space topics;' b'discussion has included esoteric propulsion technologies, asteroid' b'capture, starflight, orbital debris removal, etc. email to' b'selected excerpts are available by anonymous ftp from' b'gs80.sp.cs.cmu.edu in /usr/anon/public/space-tech,' b"or by email to space-tech-request if you don't have ftp access." b'' b'seds-l is a bitnet list for members of students for the exploration and' b'development of space and other interested parties. email' b'name". email saying "index seds-l" to list the archive contents.' b'' b'sedsnews is a bitnet list for news items, press releases, shuttle status' b'reports, and the like. this duplicates material which is also found in' b'space digest, sci.space, sci.space.shuttle, and sci.astro. email' b'email saying "index sedsnews" to list the archive contents.' b'' b'carries the contents of the sci.space.news usenet group. email him' b'to join the list.' b'' b'as a general note, please mail to the *request* address to get off a' b'mailing list. space digest, for example, relays many inappropriate' b"'please remove me from this list' messages which are sent to the list" b'address rather than the request address.' b'' b'periodically updated information' b'' b'in addition to this faq list, a broad variety of topical information is' b'posted to the net (unless otherwise noted, in the new group' b'sci.space.news created for this purpose). please remember that the' b'individuals posting this information are performing a service for all' b"net readers, and don't take up their time with frivolous requests." b'' b'acronyms' b'first of each month.' b'' b'astro-ftp list' b'anonymous ftp servers containing astronomy and space related' b'material to sci.space and sci.astro.' b'' b'aviation week' b'space-related stories in the weekly _aviation week and space' b'technology_.' b'' b'buying telescopes' b'sci.astro.' b'' b'electronic journal of the asa' b'of the astronomical society of the atlantic to sci.astro.' b'' b'flight international' b'space-related news from _flight international_. this focuses more on' b'non-us space activities than aviation week.' b'' b'large astronomical projects' b'"large telescope projects either being considered or in the works"' b'to sci.astro.' b'' b'nasa headline news shuttle reports' b'including nasa headline news (with the schedule for nasa select),' b'shuttle payload briefings and flight manifests, and ksc shuttle' b'status reports. for usenet users, much of this material appears in' b'the group sci.space.shuttle.' b'' b'nasa updates' b'jpl, ames, and other centers on the ulysses, gailileo, pioneer,' b'magellan, landsat, and other missions.' b'' b'orbital element sets' b'nasa prediction bulletins.' b'' b'space telescope to sci.astro.' b'' b'comets, conjunctions, and encounters to sci.astro.' b'' b'satellite launches' b'describes recent launch/orbital decay information and satellites' b'which are useful for scientific activities. recent bulletins are' b'available by anonymous ftp from nssdca.gsfc.nasa.gov in' b'anon_dir:[000000.active.spx].' b'' b'shuttle manifest' b'of the space shuttle launch manifest to sci.space.shuttle. this' b'includes dates, times, payloads, and information on how to see' b'launches and landings.' b'' b'solar activity' b'(describing solar activity and its effect on the earth) to' b'sci.space. the report is issued in part from data released by the' b'space enviroment services center, boulder colorado. the intro' b'document needed to understand these reports is available by' b'anonymous ftp from solar.stanford.edu in' b'pub/understanding_solar_terrestrial_reports. nic.funet.fi' b'(128.214.6.100) also has this document in' b'/pub/misc/rec.radio.shortwave/solarreports and is an archive site' b'for the reports (please note this site is in europe, and the' b'connection to the us is only 56kb). a new primary archive site,' b'xi.uleth.ca has recently been established and will be' b'actively supported.' b'' b'soviet space activities' b'activities.' b'' b'space activist newsletter' b'a space activist," to talk.politics.space. it describes current' b'legislative activity affecting nasa and commercial space activities.' b'' b'space events calendar' b'anniversaries, conferences, launch dates, meteor showers and' b'eclipses, and other space-related events.' b'' b'space news' b'amsats, noaa and other weather satellites, and other ham' b'information) to rec.radio.amateur.misc and sci.space.' b'' b'space report' b'report" covering launches, landings, reentries, status reports,' b'satellite activities, etc.' b'' b'toward b'global news summary reprinted from _space calendar_ magazine.' b'' b'' b'warning about non-public networks' b'' b'(included at the suggestion of eugene miya, who wrote the item)' b'' b'nasa has an internal system of unclassified electronic mail and bulletin' b'boards. this system is not open for public use. specifically, nasa' b'personnel and procurement operations are regarded with some sensitivity.' b'contractors must renegotiate their contracts. the fair and open' b'procurement act does not look kindly to those having inside information.' b'contractors and outsiders caught using this type of information can' b'expect severe penalities. unauthorized access attempts may subject you' b'to a fine and/or imprisonment in accordance with title usc, section' b'1030. if in fact you should should learn of unauthorized access, contact' b'nasa personnel.' b'' b'claims have been made on this news group about fraud and waste. none' b'have ever been substantiated to any significant degree. readers' b'detecting fraud, waste, abuse, or mismanagement should contact the nasa' b'inspector general (24-hours) at (can be anonymous) or write' b'' b'nasa' b'inspector general' b'p.o. box b"l'enfant plaza station" b'washington dc b'' b'next: faq online (and some offline) sources of images, data, etc.' 