b'' b'archive-name: space/intro' b'last-modified: $date: b'' b'frequently asked questions on sci.space/sci.astro' b'' b'introduction' b'' b'this series of linked messages is periodically posted to the usenet' b'groups sci.space and sci.astro in an attempt to provide good answers to' b'frequently asked questions and other reference material which is worth' b'preserving. if you have corrections or answers to other frequently asked' b'questions that you would like included in this posting, send email to' b'' b"if you don't want to see the faq, add 'frequently asked questions' to" b"your kill file for this group (if you're not reading this with a newsreader" b"that can kill articles by subject, you're out of luck)." b'' b'the faq volume is excessive right now and will hopefully be trimmed down' b'by rewriting and condensing over time. the faq postings are available in' b'the ames space archive in faq/faq<#.' b'' b'good summaries will be accepted in place of the answers given here. the' b'point of this is to circulate existing information, and avoid rehashing old' b'answers. better to build on top than start again. nothing more depressing' b'than rehashing old topics for the 100th time. references are provided' b'because they give more complete information than any short generalization.' b'' b'questions fall into three basic types:' b'' b'1) where do i find some information about space?' b'' b'try your local public library first. the net is not a good place to ask' b'for general information. ask individuals (by email) if you must. there' b'are other sources, use them, too. the net is a place for open ended' b'discussion.' b'' b'2) i have an idea which would improve space flight?' b'' b"hope you aren't surprised, but out of have usually been" b'thought of before. again, contact a direct individual source for' b'evaluation. nasa fields thousands of these each day.' b'' b'3) miscellanous queries.' b'' b'these are addressed on a case-by-case basis in the following series of' b'faq postings.' b'' b'' b'suggestions for better netiquette' b'' b"read news.announce.newusers if you're on usenet." b'minimize cross references, [do you really need to?]' b'send mail instead, avoid posting follow ups. mail message worth' b'100 posts).' b'internet mail readers: send requests to add/drop to space-request' b'not space.' b'read all available articles before posting a follow-up. (check all' b'references.)' b"cut down attributed articles (leave only the points you're" b'responding to; remove signatures and headers). summarize!' b'put a return address in the body (signature) of your message (mail' b"or article), state your institution, etc. don't assume the" b"'reply' function of mailers will work." b"use absolute dates. post in a timely way. don't post what everyone" b'will get on tv anyway.' b'some editors and window systems do character count line wrapping:' b'keep lines under characters for those using ascii terminals' b'(use carriage returns).' b'' b'' b'index to linked postings' b'' b"i've attempted to break the postings up into related areas. there isn't" b'a keyword index yet; the following lists the major subject areas in each' b'posting. only those containing astronomy-related material are posted to' b"sci.astro (indicated by following the posting number)." b'' b'#\tcontents' b'' b'1*\tintroduction' b'suggestions for better netiquette' b'index to linked postings' b'notes on addresses, phone numbers, etc.' b'contributors' b'' b'2*\tnetwork resources' b'overview' b'mailing lists' b'periodically updated information' b'warning about non-public networks' b'' b'3*\tonline (and some offline) sources of images, data, etc.' b'introduction' b'viewing images' b'online archives' b'nasa ames' b'nasa astrophysics data system' b'nasa jet propulsion lab (mission information and images)' b'nasa langley (technical reports)' b'nasa spacelink' b'national space science data center' b'space telescope science institute electronic info. service' b'starcat' b'astronomical databases' b'astronomy programs' b'orbital element sets' b'space digest' b'landsat nasa photos' b'planetary maps' b'cometary orbits' b'' b'4*\tperforming calculations and interpreting data formats' b'computing spacecraft orbits and trajectories' b'computing planetary positions' b'computing crater diameters from earth-impacting asteroids' b'map projections and spherical trignometry' b'performing n-body simulations efficiently' b'interpreting the fits image format' b'sky (unix ephemeris program)' b'three-dimensional star/galaxy coordinates' b'' b'5*\treferences on specific areas' b'publishers of space/astronomy material' b'careers in the space industry' b'dc-x single-stage to orbit (ssto) program' b'how to name a star after a person' b'llnl "great exploration"' b'lunar prospector' b'lunar science and activities' b'orbiting earth satellite histories' b'spacecraft models' b'rocket propulsion' b'spacecraft design' b'esoteric propulsion schemes (solar sails, lasers, fusion...)' b'spy satellites' b'space shuttle computer systems' b'seti computation (signal processing)' b'amateur satellies weather satellites' b'tides' b'' b'6*\tconstants and equations for calculations' b'' b'7*\tastronomical mnemonics' b'' b'8\tcontacting nasa, esa, and other space agencies/companies' b'nasa centers arianespace esa nasda soyuzkarta space' b'camp space commerce corporation spacehab spot image' b'other commercial space businesses' b'' b'9\tspace shuttle answers, launch schedules, tv coverage' b'shuttle launchings and landings; schedules and how to see them' b'why does the shuttle roll just after liftoff?' b'how to receive the nasa tv channel, nasa select' b'amateur radio frequencies for shuttle missions' b'solid rocket booster fuel composition' b'' b'10\tplanetary probes historical missions' b'us planetary missions' b'mariner (venus, mars, mercury flybys and orbiters)' b'pioneer (moon, sun, venus, jupiter, and saturn flybys and orbiters)' b'ranger (lunar lander and impact missions)' b'lunar orbiter (lunar surface photography)' b'surveyor (lunar soft landers)' b'viking (mars orbiters and landers)' b'voyager (outer planet flybys)' b'soviet planetary missions' b'soviet lunar probes' b'soviet venus probes' b'soviet mars probes' b'japanese planetary missions' b'planetary mission references' b'' b'11\tupcoming planetary probes missions and schedules' b'cassini' b'galileo' b'magellan' b'mars observer' b'topex/poseidon' b'ulysses' b'other space science missions' b'proposed missions' b'' b'12\tcontroversial questions' b'what happened to the saturn v plans' b"why data from space missions isn't immediately available" b'risks of nuclear (rtg) power sources for space probes' b'impact of the space shuttle on the ozone layer' b'how long can a human live unprotected in space' b'how the challenger astronauts died' b'using the shuttle beyond low earth orbit' b'the "face on mars"' b'' b'13\tspace activist/interest/research groups and space publications' b'groups' b'publications' b'undocumented groups' b'' b'14\thow to become an astronaut' b'' b'15\torbital and planetary launch services' b'' b'' b'notes on addresses, phone numbers, etc.' b'' b'unless otherwise specified, telephone numbers, addresses, and so on are' b'for the united states of america. non-us readers should remember to add' b'the country code for telephone calls, etc.' b'' b'' b'credits' b'' b'eugene miya started a series of linked faq postings some years ago which' b'inspired (and was largely absorbed into) this set.' b'' b'peter yee and ron baalke have and continue to spend a lot of their own' b'time setting up the space archives at nasa ames and forwarding official' b'nasa announcements.' b'' b'many other people have contributed material to this list in the form of' b"old postings to sci.space and sci.astro which i've edited. please let me" b"know if corrections need to be made. contributors i've managed to keep" b'track of are:' b'' b'variable star analysis archive' b'nasa contact info, started faq postings' b'orbital dynamics' b'astronaut how-to, challenger disaster, publication refs, dc-x' b'shuttle landings, spysats, propulsion, "face on mars"' b'orbital dynamics' b'propulsion' b'' b'in net memoriam:' b'ted flinn' b'' b'next: faq network resources' 