b'' b'archive-name: space/mnemonics' b'last-modified: $date: b'' b'astronomical mnemonics (this is the last faq section posted to sci.astro)' b'' b'gathered from various flurries of mnemonic postings on sci.astro.' b'' b'spectral classification sequence: o b a f g k m r n s' b'' b'oh be a fine girl kiss me right now, sweetheart. (a classic)' b'' b"o'dell's big astronomical fiasco gonna kill me right now surely" b'obese balding astronomy found guilty; killed many reluctant' b'nonscience students.' b'octopus brains, a favorite gastronomical kitchen menu,' b'requires no sauce' b'odd ball astronomers find generally kooky mnemonics' b'really nifty stuff' b'oh big and ferocious gorilla, kill my roomate next saturday' b'oh boy, a flash! godzilla kills mothra! really not surprising!' b'oh boy, an f grade kills me' b'on bad afternoons fermented grapes keep mrs. richard nixon smiling' b"on, backward astronomer, forget geocentricity; kepler's motions" b"reveal nature's simplicity" b'our bad astronomy faculty gets killed monday' b'oven baked ants, fried gently, kept moist, retain natural succulence' b'overseas broadcast: a flash! godzilla kills mothra!' b'(rodan named successor)' b'overweight boys and fat girls keep munching' b'only bored astronomers find gratification knowing mnemonics' b'oh bloody astronomy! f grades kill me' b'' b'order of the planets:' b'' b'sun' b'mercury' b'venus' b'earth (terra)' b'mars' b'(asteroids)' b'jupiter' b'saturn' b'uranus' b'neptune' b'pluto' b'' b'my very earnest mother just served us nine pizzas' b'mother very thoughtfully made a jelly sandwich under no protest' b'my very erotic mate joyfully satisfies unusual needs passionately' b'men very easily make jugs serve useful nocturnal purposes' b'man very early made a jug serve useful noble purposes' b'my very educated mother just showed us nine planets' b'my very eager mother just showed us nine planets' b'my very exhausted mother has just swept up a planetary nebula' b'most voters earn money just showing up near polls' b'my very educated mother just served us nine pizza-pies' b'many viscious elephants made john, suzy and uncle need protection' b"solar mass very easily makes all jupiter's satellites undergo" b'numerous perturbations.' b'' b'mein vater erklaert mir jeden sonntag unsere niedlichen planeten' b'(my father explains to me every sunday our nine planets)' b'man verachte einen menschen in seinem unglueck nie punkt' b'(never scorn/despise a person in his misfortune/bad luck/misery' b'-- period!)' b'' b'colors of the spectrum: red orange yellow green blue indigo violet' b"roy g. biv (pronounce as a man's name)" b'richard of york gave battle in vain' b'read out your good book in verse' b'' b'galilean satellite of jupiter: io europa ganymede callisto' b'i expect god cries' b'i eat green cheese' b'i embarrass good christians' b'' b'ich erschrecke all guten christen' b'(i scare all good christians)' b'' b'saturnian satellites' b'met dr thip' b"miriam's enchiladas taste divine recently. tell her i'm proud." b'(mimas, enceladus, tethys, dione, rhea, titan, hyperion,' b'iapetus, phoebe)' b'' b'uranian satellites:' b'mauto' b'mispronunciations afflict uranus too often' b'my angel uriel takes opium' b'(miranda, ariel, umbriel, titania, oberon)' b'' b'note: the remaining faq sections do not appear in sci.astro, as they cover' b'material of relevance only to sci.space.' b'' b'next: faq contacting nasa, esa, and other space agencies/companies' 