b'' b'this bit interests me. how much automatic control is there? is it' b'purely autonomous or is there some degree of ground control?' b'' b' the "stick-and-rudder man" is always the onboard computer. the computer' b' normally gets its orders from a stored program, but they can be overridden' b' from the ground.' b'' b'how is' b'the transition from aerodynamic flight (if thats what it is) to hover' b'accomplished? this is the really new part...' b'' b" it's also one of the tricky parts. there are four different ideas, and" b' dc-x will probably end up trying all of them. (this is from talking to' b" mitch burnside clapp, who's one of the dc-x test pilots, at making orbit.)" b'' b' pop a drogue chute from the nose, light the engines once the thing' b' \tstabilizes base-first. simple and reliable. heavy shock loads' b" \ton an area of structure that doesn't otherwise carry major loads." b' \tneeds a door in the "hot" part of the structure, a door whose' b' \toperation is mission-critical.' b'' b' switch off pitch stability the dc is aerodynamically unstable at' b' \tsubsonic speeds wait for it to flip, and catch it at b' \tdegrees, then light engines. a bit scary.' b'' b' light the engines and use thrust vectoring to push the tail around.' b' \tprobably the preferred method in the long run. tricky because' b' \tof the fuel-feed plumbing: the fuel will start off in the tops' b' \tof the tanks, then slop down to the bottoms during the flip.' b' \tkeeping the engines properly fed will be complicated.' b'' b' build up speed in a dive, then pull up hard (losing a lot of speed,' b" \tthis thing's l/d is not that great) until it's headed up and" b' \tthe vertical velocity drops to zero, at which point it starts' b' \tto fall tail-first. light engines. also a bit scary, and you' b" \tprobably don't have enough altitude left to try again." b' b'' b'since the dc-x is to take off horizontal, why not land that way??' b"why do the martian landing thing.. or am i missing something.. don't know to" b'much about dc-x and such.. (overly obvious?).' b'' b'why not just fall to earth like the russian crafts?? parachute in then...' b'' b'==' b'' b'please enlighten me... ignorance is easy to correct. make a mistake and' b'everyone will let you know you messed up..' 