b'' b'' b'' b'' b'examples of direct nasa/space related research that helped humanity' b'in general? it will be interesting to see..' b'' b'pat tang mylar i think. i think they also pushed hi tech pat' b'composites for airframes. look at fly by wire.' b'' b"swept wings--if you fly in airliners you've reaped the benefits." b'' b"phil didn't one of the early jet fighters have these? i also think" b'phil the germans did some work on these in wwii.' b'' b'the naca came up with them before world war ii. nasa is directly' b'descended from the naca, with space added in.' b'' b"you'll notice that i didn't mention sweep wings even though the" b"x-5, tested at what's now dryden, had them. we did steal that one" b"dirctly from the germans. the difference is that swept wings don't" b'change their angle of sweep, sweep wings do. perhaps the similarity' b'of names has caused some confusion? 747s have swept wings, f-111s' b'have sweep wings.' b'' b'winglets. area ruling. digital fly by wire. ride smoothing.' b'' b'phil a lot of this was also done by the military...' b'' b'after nasa aerodynamicists proposed them and nasa test teams' b'demonstrated them. richard whitcomb and r.t. jones, at langley' b'research center, were giants in the field.' b'' b'dryden was involved in the flight testing of winglets and area' b"ruling (in the 70s and 50s, respectively). it's true that we" b'used military aircraft as the testbeds (kc-135 and yf-102) but' b'that had more to do with availability and need than with military' b'involvement. the yf-102 was completely ours and the kc-135 was' b'bailed to us. the air force, of course, was interested in our' b'results and supportive of our efforts.' b'' b'dryden flew the first digital fly by wire aircraft in the 70s. no' b'mechnaical or analog backup, to show you how confident we were.' b'general dynamics decided to make the f-16 flyby-wire when they saw how' b'successful we were. (mind you, the avro arrow and the x-15 were both' b'fly-by-wire aircraft much earlier, but analog.)' b'' b"phil egad! i'm disagreeing with mary shafer!" b'' b'the nasa habit of acquiring second-hand military aircraft and using' b'them for testbeds can make things kind of confusing. on the other' b'hand, all those second-hand navy planes give our test pilots a chance' b'to fold the wings--something most pilots at edwards air force base' b"can't do." b'' b'' b'--' b'mary shafer dod kotfr nasa dryden flight research facility, edwards, ca' b'"a mig at your six is better than no mig at all." unknown us fighter pilot' 