b'' b'nasa headquarters distributed the following press' b"release today i've typed it in verbatim, for you" b'folks to chew over. many of the topics recently' b'discussed on sci.space are covered in this.' b'' b'gibbons outlines space station redesign guidance' b'' b'dr. john h. gibbons, director, office of science and' b'technology policy, outlined to the members-designate of' b'the advisory committee on the redesign of the space' b'station on april three budget options as guidance to' b'the committee in their deliberations on the redesign of' b'the space station.' b'' b'a low option of billion, a mid-range option of b'billion and a high option of billion will be' b'considered by the committee. each option would cover' b'the total expenditures for space station from fiscal' b'year through and would include funds for' b'development, operations, utilization, shuttle' b'integration, facilities, research operations support,' b'transition cost and also must include adequate program' b'reserves to insure program implementation within the' b'available funds.' b'' b'over the next years, billion is reserved within' b"the nasa budget for the president's new technology" b'investment. as a result, station options above b'billion must be accompanied by offsetting reductions in' b'the rest of the nasa budget. for example, a space' b'station option of billion would require billion' b'in offsets from the nasa budget over the next years.' b'' b'gibbons presented the information at an organizational' b'session of the advisory committee. generally, the' b'members-designate focused upon administrative topics' b'and used the session to get acquainted. they also' b'received a legal and ethics briefing and an orientation' b'on the process the station redesign team is following' b'to develop options for the advisory committee to' b'consider.' b'' b'gibbons also announced that the united states and its' b'international partners the europeans, japanese, and' b'canadians have decided, after consultation, to give' b'"full consideration" to use of russian assets in the' b'course of the space station redesign process.' b'' b'to that end, the russians will be asked to participate' b'in the redesign effort on an as-needed consulting' b'basis, so that the redesign team can make use of their' b'expertise in assessing the capabilities of mir and the' b'possible use of mir and other russian capabilities and' b'systems. the u.s. and international partners hope to' b'benefit from the expertise of the russian participants' b'in assessing russian systems and technology. the' b'overall goal of the redesign effort is to develop' b'options for reducing station costs while preserving key' b'research and exploration capabilities. careful' b'integration of russian assets could be a key factor in' b'achieving that goal.' b'' b'gibbons reiterated that, "president clinton is' b'committed to the redesigned space station and to making' b'every effort to preserve the science, the technology' b'and the jobs that the space station program represents.' b'however, he also is committed to a space station that' b'is well managed and one that does not consume the' b'national resources which should be used to invest in' b'the future of this industry and this nation."' b'' b'nasa administrator daniel s. goldin said the russian' b'participation will be accomplished through the east-' b'west space science center at the university of maryland' b'under the leadership of roald sagdeev.' b'' 