b'' b'the following press release was distributed april by' b'nasa headquarters.' b'' b'space station redesign advisory members named' b'' b'along with dr. charles m. vest, recently named by vice president' b'albert gore to head the advisory committee on the redesign of the' b'space station, nasa has announced the names of representatives' b'from government and industry and academic experts from across the' b'country to participate in an independent review of the redesign' b'options being developed by nasa.' b'' b'"i am extremely honored to have been selected to lead this' b"important review panel. america's future in science and" b'technology and as a world leader in space demands our utmost' b'attention and care," said vest. "we have assembled a diverse' b'panel of experts that, i believe, will bring the appropriate' b'measures of insight, integrity and objectivity to this critical' b'task."' b'' b'the advisory committee is charged with independently assessing' b"various redesign options of the space station presented by nasa's" b'redesign team, and proposing recommendations to improve' b'efficiency and effectiveness of the space station program. space' b'station international partners also are being asked to' b'participate and will be named at a later date. the advisory' b'committee will submit its recommendations in june.' b'' b'advisory committee members named today include:' b'' b'dr. charles vest dr. bobby alford' b'president, mit executive vp dean of medicine' b'baylor college of medicine' b'' b'mr. jay chabrow dr. paul chu' b'president, jmr associates director, texas center for' b'superconductivity' b'university of houston' b'' b'dr. ed crawley dr. john fabian' b'prof of aero astro president ceo' b'mit anser' b'' b'maj. gen. james fain dr. edward fort' b'deputy chief of staff for chancellor' b'requirements; headquarters north carolina at&t' b'usaf materials command state university' b'' b'dr. mary good mr. frederick hauck' b'senior vp of technology president, international technical' b'allied signal, inc. underwriters' b'' b'dr. lou lanzerotti mr. william lilly' b'chair, space sciences national academy of public' b'board, national research administration' b'council' b'' b'mr. duane mcruer dr. brad parkinson' b'president systems technology prof of astro aero' b'stanford university' b'' b'dr. robert seamans dr. lee silver' b'former nasa deputy admin. w.m. keck foundation professor' b'for resource geology' b'california institute of' b'technology' b'' b'dr. albert "bud" wheelon' b'retired ceo' b'hughes aircraft' b'' 