b'' b'"space station redesign leader says cost goal may be' b'impossible"' b'' b'today the washington post ran an article with the' b'headline shown above. the article starts with "a leader' b'of the nasa team in charge of redesigning the planned' b'space station said yesterday the job is tough and may' b'be impossible." o\'connor is quoted saying whether it is' b'possible to cut costs that much and still provide for' b'meaningful research "is a real question for me."' b'o\'connor said "everything is fair game," including' b'"dropping or curtailing existing contracts with the' b'aerospace industry, chopping management of the space' b'station program at some nasa facilities around the' b'country, working closely with the russian space station' b'mir, and using unmanned titan rockets to supplement the' b'manned space shuttle fleet."' b'' b"o'connor says his team has reviewed design options" b'so far, and they are sorting the serious candidates' b'into three categories based on cost.' b'' b"the post says o'connor described the design derived" b'from the current ssf as a high cost option (i believe' b'kathy sawyer, the post writer, got confused here. i' b"listened in on part of o'connor's briefing to the press" b"on monday, and in one part of the briefing o'connor" b'talked about how the white house wants three options,' b'sorted by cost [low, medium, and high]. in another part' b'of the briefing, he discussed the three teams he has' b"a reporters question, i thought i heard o'connor say" b'the option based on a ssf redesign was a "moderate"' b'cost option, in between low high cost options. not' b'the "high cost" option as sawyer wrote).' b'' b'the article goes on to describe the other two options' b'as "one features modules that could gradually be fitted' b'together in orbit, similar to the russian mir. the' b'other is a core facility that could be deposited in' b'orbit in a single launch, like skylab. that option' b'would use existing hardware from the space shuttle b'the fuselage, for example, in its basic structure."' b'' b'the last sentence in the article contradicts the title' b'& the first paragraph. the sentence reads "he' b"[o'connor] said a streamlined version of the planned" b'space station freedom is still possible within the' b'administration\'s budget guidelines."' b'' 