b'' b'in the april edition of "one small step for a space activist",' b'allen sherzer tim kyger write:' b'"another problem is what are called \'wraps\' (or sometimes' b"the 'center tax'). when work for a large program like" b'freedom or shuttle is performed at a nasa center, the' b'center skims off a portion which goes into what amounts' b'to a slush fund. this money is used to fund work the' b'center manager wants to fund. this sum is estimated to' b'be over a third of the funds allocated. think about' b'that: of the billion cost of freedom, fully b"billion won't be spent on anything having anything" b'to do with space stations! now, maybe that billion' b"was wisely spent (and maybe it wasn't), but the work done" b'with it should stand on its own merits, not distorting' b'the cost of other projects. congress has no idea of the' b'existense of these wraps; congress has never heard the' b"term 'center tax'. they look at the station they are" b'getting and the price they are paying and note that' b"it doesn't add up. they wonder this blissfully unaware" b'that a third of the money is going for something else."' b'' b'my dear friends, your mixing fact and fiction here. a couple' b'of weeks ago, when i first read this in your posting, i' b'talked with one of the cost experts here in space station' b"at headquarters [if you wondering why i didn't post a" b"response immediately, i do have a real job i'm supposed" b'to be doing here at headquarters, digging up old khz' b'data looking into sherzer/kyger claims rates pretty low' b'on the totem pole of priority. also, i spent last weekend' b'in kansas city, at the national science teachers' b'association conference, extolling the virtues of ssf' b'to science teachers.]' b'' b"first off, yes, the concept of 'center tax', or 'wrap' does" b"exist. if i recall the numbers correctly, the total 'tax'" b'for the ssf program for this fiscal year is around million.' b'this was computed by adding up the wp-1, wp-2, and wp-4' b"center 'taxes'. with the ssf budget for this fiscal year at" b'$2.2 billion, my calculater says the tax percentage is' b'04/2.2 b'' b'over the life of the ssf program, using your figure of b'billion for the cost of ssf, a tax at a rate comes to' b'$540 million. this is alot less than billion, but i' b"will concede it's still an appreciable amount of pocket" b'change.' b'' b'i should note that your estimate of the tax rate at could' b'be close to the actual rate. the tax is only charged on funds' b'that are spent at the center (kind of like mcdonalds at some' b'states, where you do have to pay sales tax if you eat' b"the food at the restaurant, but you don't if you get it" b'take-out). for example, at wp-4, the vast bulk of the funds' b'we receive go to the rocketdyne contract, and are *not*' b"subject to the center tax (i don't have the numbers in" b"front of me, but i'd guess at least of the wp-4 funds" b'go to rocketdyne). so, you could be right about a tax' b"rate of but it's only applied to funds spent at the" b'center, and not to the prime contracts.' b'' b'this leads to the obvious question "what is the government' b"doing with ssf funds that don't go to the prime contractors?" b'(i.e. ok, wp-4 gets a slice of the billion pie. a' b'big portion of this slice goes to rocketdyne. what happens' b"to the balance of the funds, which aren't eaten" b'up by the center tax?)"' b'' b'at wp-4, we call these funds we spend in-house supporting' b'development funds (as they are supporting the development' b'work done by rocketdyne). we have used these funds to' b'setup our own testbed, to checkout the electrical' b'power system architecture. our testbed has a real life' b'solar array field (left over from solar cell research' b'research a few years back), with lead-acid car batteries' b'(to simulate the nickel-hydrogen batteries on ssf), dc' b'switchgear, dc-dc converter units, and simulated' b'loads. data from the testbed was used in a recent' b'change evaluation involving concerns about the stability' b'of the power system.' b'' b'we have also used the supporting development money to' b'purchase nickel hydrogen batteries, which are on life' b'testing at both lewis and the crane naval facility in' b'indiana. as a side point, of the battery cells on' b'test recently hit the four year life test milestone.' b'38 cells have completed to cycles (the' b'on-orbit batteries go through cycles per year).' b'' b"as a final example, my 'home' division at lewis used" b'the supporting development funds to purchase personal' b'computers and work stations, for performing system' b'analyses (like modeling of the performance of the' b'electrical power system, availability calculations' b'using a monte-carlo simulation, setting up a' b'database with information on weight of the power' b'system elements).' b'' b"finally, the money raised by the 'tax' does not all" b"go into a 'slush fund.' at lewis, the director" b'does control a small discretionary fund. each year,' b'any individual at lewis can submit a proposal to' b'the director to get money from this fund to look' b'at pretty much anything within the lewis charter.' b'' b"most of the tax, however, goes to fund the 'general'" b'services at the center, like the library, the' b'central computer services division, the contractor' b'who removes the snow, etc. thus, it is rather' b'difficult to determine what percentage of the' b"ssf budget doesn't go for ssf activities. to get" b'an accurate figure, you would have to take' b'the annual expenditure for the library (for example),' b'and then divide by the amount of the library funds' b'used to support ssf (which would be hard to' b'compute by itself how would you figure out' b'what percentage of the bill for aviation week for' b"1 year is 'billable' to ssf, would you base it on" b'the person-hours ssf employees spend reading av-week' b'versus the rest of the center personnel). you would' b'then have to compare this estimate of the ssf' b'portion of the library expense with the portion of' b'the tax that goes to support the library. who knows,' b'maybe ssf overpays on the tax to run the library, but' b'we underpay for snow removal? talk about' b'a burecratic nightmare!' b'' b"my last point is that i can't believe your claim that" b"congress has never heard of the term 'center tax.'" b'unfortunately, all of the nasa testimony before' b"congress isn't on a computer, so i can't do a simple" b'word search someplace to prove you wrong. but surely,' b'in some gao audit somewhere, these nasa cost methods' b'were documented for congress?' 