b'' b'' b'mcdonnell douglas rolls out dc-x' b'' b'huntington beach, calif. on a picture-perfect southern' b'california day, mcdonnell douglas rolled out its dc-x rocket ship last' b'saturday. the company hopes this single-stage rocket technology' b'demonstrator will be the first step towards a single-stage-to-orbit (ssto)' b'rocket ship.' b'' b'the white conical vehicle was scheduled to go to the white sands' b'missile range in new mexico this week. flight tests will start in' b'mid-june.' b'' b"although there wasn't a cloud in the noonday sky, the forecast for" b'ssto research remains cloudy. the sdi organization which paid b"million for the dc-x can't itself afford to fund full development of a" b'follow-on vehicle. to get the necessary hundreds of millions required for' b'a sub-orbital dc-xa, sdio is passing a tin cup among its sister government' b'agencies.' b'' b'sdio originally funded ssto research as a way to cut the costs for' b'orbital deployments of space-based sensors and weapns. however, recent' b"changes in sdi's political marching orders and budget cuts have made ssto" b'less of a priority. today, the agency is more interested in using dc-x as' b'a step towards a low-cost, reusable sounding rocket.' b'' b'sdio has already done briefings to other government agencies,' b'said col. simon "pete" worden, sdio\'s deputy for technology. but worden' b'declined to say how much the agencies would have to pony up for the' b'program. "i didn\'t make colonel by telling my contractors how much money i' b'have available to spend," he quipped at a press conference at mcdonnell' b'douglas astronautics headquarters.' b'' b"while sdio has lowered its sights on the program's orbital" b'objective, agency officials hail the dc-x as an example of the "better,' b'faster, cheaper" approach to hardware development. the agency believes' b'this philosophy can produce breakthroughs that "leapfrog" ahead of' b'evolutionary technology developments.' b'' b'worden said the dc-x illustrates how a "build a little, test a' b'little" approach can produce results on time and within budget. he said' b'the program which went from concept to hardware in around months b'showed how today\'s engineers could move beyond the "miracles of our' b'parents\' time."' b'' b'"the key is management," worden said. "sdio had a very light hand' b'on this project. we had only one overworked major, jess sponable."' b'' b'although the next phase may involve more agencies, worden said' b'lean management and a sense of government-industry partnership will be' b'crucial. "it\'s essential we do not end up with a large management' b'structure where the price goes up exponentially."' b'' b"sdio's approach also won praise from two california members of the" b'house science, space and technology committee. "this is the direction' b'we\'re going to have to go," said rep. george brown, the committee\'s' b'democratic chairman. "programs that stretch aout to years aren\'t' b'sustainable....nasa hasn\'t learned it yet. sdio has."' b'' b"rep. dana rohrbacher, brown's republican colleague, went further." b'joking that "a shrimp is a fish designed by a nasa design team,"' b'rohrbacher doubted that the program ever would have been completed if it' b'were left to the civil space agency.' b'' b'rohrbacher, whose orange county district includes mcdonnell' b'douglas, also criticized nasa-air force work on conventional, multi-staged' b'rockets as placing new casings around old missile technology. "let\'s not' b'build fancy ammunition with capsules on top. let\'s build a spaceship!"' b'' b"although rohrbacher praised sdio's sponsorship, he said the" b'private sector needs to take the lead in developing ssto technology.' b'' b'mcdonnell douglas, which faces very uncertain prospects with its' b'c-17 transport and space station freedom programs, were more cautious' b'about a large private secotro commitment. "on very large ventures,' b'companies put in seed money," said charles ordahl, mcdonnell douglas\'' b'senior vice president for space systems. "you need strong government' b'investments."' b'' b'while the government and industry continue to differ on funding' b'for the dc-xa, they agree on continuing an incremental approach to' b'development. citing corporate history, they liken the process to douglas' b"aircraft's dc aircraft. just as two earlier aircraft paved the way for" b'the dc-3 transport, a gradual evolution in single-stage rocketry could' b'eventually lead to an orbital delta clipper (dc-1).' b'' b'flight tests this summer at white sands will "expand the envelope"' b'of performance, with successive tests increasing speed and altitude. the' b'first tests will reach feet and demonstrate hovering, verticle' b'take-off and landing. the second series will send the unmanned dc-x up to' b'5,000 feet. the third and final series will take the craft up to b'feet.' b'' b'maneuvers will become more complex on third phase. the final' b'tests will include a "pitch-over" manever that rotates the vehicle back' b'into a bottom-down configuration for a soft, four-legged landing.' b'' b'the flight test series will be supervised by charles "pete"' b'conrad, who performed similar maneuvers on the apollo moon landing.' b'now a mcdonnell douglas vice president, conrad paised the vehicles' b'aircraft-like approach to operations. features include automated' b'check-out and access panels for easy maintainance.' b'' b'if the program moves to the next stage, engine technology will' b'become a key consideration. this engine would have more thrust than the' b'pratt whitney rl10a-5 engines used on the dc-x. each motor uses liquid' b'hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants to generate up to pounds of' b'thrust' b'' b'based on the engine used in centaur upper stages, the a-5 model' b'has a thrust champer designed for sea level operation and three-to-on' b'throttling capability. it also is designed for repeat firings and rapid' b'turnaround.' b'' b'worden said future single-stage rockets could employ' b'tri-propellant engine technology developed in the former soviet union.' b'the resulting engines could burn a dense hydrocarbon fuel at takeoff and' b'then switch to liquid hydrogen at higher altitudes.' b'' b'the mechanism for the teaming may already be in place. pratt has' b'a technology agreement with npo energomash, the design bureau responsible' b'for the tri-propellant and energia cryogenic engines.' b'' b'' 