b'' b'forwarded from neal ausman, galileo mission director' b'' b'galileo' b'mission director status report' b'post-launch' b'april b'' b'spacecraft' b'' b'1. on april real-time commands were sent, as planned, to reacquire' b'celestial reference after completion of the low gain antenna (lga-2)' b'swing/dual drive actuator (dda) hammer activities.' b'' b'2. on april the ej-1 (earth-jupiter sequence memory load was uplinked' b'to the spacecraft without incident. this sequence covers spacecraft activity' b'from april to june and includes a window for the radio relay' b'antenna (rra) slew test on april the command loss timer was set to' b'11 days as a part of this sequence memory load.' b'' b'3. on april and a no-op command was sent to reset the command loss' b'timer to hours, its planned value during this mission phase.' b'' b'4. on april cruise science memory readouts (mros) were performed for the' b'extreme ultraviolet spectrometer (euv), dust detector (dds), and magnetometer' b'(mag) instruments. preliminary analysis indicates the data was received' b'properly.' b'' b'5. on april an ultra-stable oscillator (uso) test was performed to verify' b'the health status of the uso and to collect gravitational red shift experiment' b'data; long term trend analysis is continuing.' b'' b'6. on april a 40bps modulation index test was performed to determine the' b'optimal signal-to-noise ratio (snr) when transmitting at 40bps. preliminary' b'analysis of the data suggests that the present pre-launch selected modulation' b'index is near the optimal level.' b'' b'7. on april cruise science memory readouts (mros) were performed for the' b'extreme ultraviolet spectrometer (euv) and magnetometer (mag) instrument.' b'preliminary analysis indicates the data was received properly.' b'' b'8. on april a periodic rpm (retro-propulsion module) 10-newton thruster' b'flushing maintenance activity was performed; all thrusters were flushed' b'during the activity. thruster performance throughout the activity was nominal.' b'' b'9. the ac/dc bus imbalance measurements have not exhibited significant' b'changes (greater than dn) throughout this period. the ac measurement reads' b'19 dn volts). the dc measurement reads dn volts). these' b'measurements are consistent with the model developed by the ac/dc special' b'anomaly team.' b'' b'10. the spacecraft status as of april is as follows:' b'' b'a) system power margin watts' b'b) spin configuration dual-spin' b'c) spin rate/sensor 3.15rpm/star scanner' b'd) spacecraft attitude is approximately degrees' b'off-sun (lagging) and degrees off-earth (leading)' b'e) downlink telemetry rate/antenna- 40bps(coded)/lga-1' b'f) general thermal control all temperatures within' b'acceptable range' b'g) rpm tank pressures all within acceptable range' b'h) orbiter science- instruments powered on are the pws,' b'euv, uvs, epd, mag, hic, and dds' b'i) probe/rrh powered off, temperatures within' b'acceptable range' b'j) cmd loss timer setting hours' b'time to initiation hours' b'' b'' b'gds (ground data systems):' b'' b'1. galileo participated in a second dsn (deep space network) acceptance test' b'for the dsn telemetry phase upgrade on april using cta-21' b'(compatibility test area the purpose of this test was to verify' b'the flow of galileo telemetry data through the new telemetry group controller' b'(tgc) and the telemetry channel assembly (tca). the tgc/tca is the replacement' b'for the current telemetry processing assembly (tpa). seven different telemetry' b'rates were run for this test; all ran well on both the mts (mccc telemetry' b'subsystem) and the ammos mgds v18.0 gif with the exception of 10bps. the' b'10bps rate had some trouble staying in lock; it appears the tgc/tca was' b'not metering the data correctly. further comparisons between the mgds and mts' b'data from this test are being conducted. mvt (mission verification test) of' b'the tgc/tca system is expected to begin may b'' b'' b'trajectory' b'' b'as of noon thursday, april the galileo spacecraft trajectory' b'status was as follows:' b'' b'distance from earth km au)' b'distance from sun km au)' b'heliocentric speed km per hour' b'distance from jupiter km' b'round trip light time minutes, seconds' b'' b'' b'special topic' b'' b'1. as of april a total of real-time commands have been' b'transmitted to galileo since launch. of these, were initiated in the' b'sequence design process and initiated in the real-time command process.' b'in the past week, real time commands were transmitted: were initiated in' b'the sequence design process and one initiated in the real time command process.' b'major command activities included commands to reacquire celestial reference,' b'uplink the ej-1 sequence memory load, and reset the command loss timer.' b'___ b'| jet propulsion lab b'___| m/s telos being cynical never helps' b'/___| pasadena, ca to correct the situation' b'|_____|/ and causes more aggravation' b'| instead.' 