b'' b'forwarded from:' b'public information office' b'jet propulsion laboratory' b'california institute of technology' b'national aeronautics and space administration' b'pasadena, calif. b'' b'contact: mary a. hardin' b'' b'for immediate release april b'#1506' b'' b"scientists at nasa's jet propulsion laboratory report the" b'successful flight of a balloon carrying instruments designed to' b"measure and study chemicals in the earth's ozone layer." b'' b"the april flight from california's barstow/daggett airport" b'reached an altitude of kilometers feet) and took' b'measurements as part of a program established to correlate data' b'with the upper atmosphere research satellite (uars).' b'' b'the data from the balloon flight will also be compared to' b'readings from the atmospheric trace molecular spectroscopy' b'(atmos) experiment which is currently flying onboard the shuttle' b'discovery.' b'' b'"we launch these balloons several times a year as part of an' b'ongoing ozone research program. in fact, jpl is actively' b'involved in the study of ozone and the atmosphere in three' b'important ways," said dr. jim margitan, principal investigator on' b'the balloon research campaign.' b'' b'"there are two jpl instruments on the uars satellite," he' b'continued. "the atmos experiment is conducted by jpl scientists,' b'and the jpl balloon research provides collaborative ground truth' b'for those activities, as well as data that is useful in its own' b'right."' b'' b'the measurements taken by the balloon payload will add more' b'pieces to the complex puzzle of the atmosphere, specifically the' b'mid-latitude stratosphere during winter and spring.' b'understanding the chemistry occurring in this region helps' b'scientists construct more accurate computer models which are' b'instrumental in predicting future ozone conditions.' b'' b'the scientific balloon payload consisted of three jpl' b'instruments: an ultraviolet ozone photometer which measures' b'ozone as the balloon ascends and descends through the atmosphere;' b'a submillimeterwave limb sounder which looks at microwave' b'radiation emitted by molecules in the atmosphere; and a fourier' b'transform infrared interferometer which monitors how the' b'atmosphere absorbs sunlight.' b'' b'launch occurred at about noontime, and following a three-' b'hour ascent, the balloon floated eastward at approximately b'kilometers per hour knots). data was radioed to ground' b'stations and recorded onboard. the flight ended at p.m.' b'pacific time in eastern new mexico when the payload was commanded' b'to separate from the balloon.' b'' b'"we needed to fly through sunset to make the infrared' b'measurements," margitan explained, "and we also needed to fly in' b'darkness to watch how quickly some of the molecules disappear."' b'' b'it will be several weeks before scientists will have the' b'completed results of their experiments. they will then forward' b'their data to the uars central data facility at the goddard space' b'flight center in greenbelt, maryland for use by the uars' b'scientists.' b'' b'the balloon was launched by the national scientific balloon' b'facility, normally based in palestine, tex., operating under a' b"contract from nasa's wallops flight facility. the balloon was" b'launched in california because of the west-to-east wind direction' b'and the desire to keep the operation in the southwest.' b'' b'the balloons are made of 20-micron mil, or less than' b'one-thousandth of an inch) thick plastic, and are cubic' b'meters million cubic feet) in volume when fully inflated with' b'helium meters feet) in diameter). the balloons weigh' b'between and kilograms and pounds). the' b'scientific payload weighs about kilograms pounds' b'and is meters (six feet) square by meters feet) high.' b'' b"the jpl balloon research is sponsored by nasa's upper" b'atmosphere research program and the uars correlative measurements' b'program.' b'' b'#####' b'___ b'| jet propulsion lab b'___| m/s telos being cynical never helps' b'/___| pasadena, ca to correct the situation' b'|_____|/ and causes more aggravation' b'| instead.' 