b'' b'for immediate release contact: oasis b'' b'15 april los angeles, ca' b'' b'local national space society chapters sponsor talk by l.a.' b'advocate of lunar power system as energy source for the world' b'' b'on april the oasis and ventura county chapters of the national' b'space society will sponsor a talk by lunar power system (lps) co-' b'inventor and vice-president of the lps coalition, dr. robert d.' b'waldron. it will be held at p.m. at the rockwell science' b'center in thousand oaks, ca.' b'' b'dr. waldron is currently a technical specialist in space' b'materials processing with the space systems division of rockwell' b'international in downey, california. he is a recognized world' b'authority on lunar materials refinement. he has written or' b'coauthored more than articles or reports on nonterrestrial' b'materials processing or utilization. along with dr. david' b'criswell, waldron invented the lunar/solar power system concept.' b'' b'momentum is building for a coalition of entrepreneurs, legal' b'experts, and soviet and u.s. scientists and engineers to build' b'the lunar power system, a pollution-free, energy source with a' b'potential to power the globe.' b'' b'for the past three years members of the coalition, nearly half' b'from california, have rejuvenated the commercial and scientific' b'concept of a solar power system based on the moon.' b'' b'the lps concept entails collecting solar energy on the lunar' b'surface and beaming the power to earth as microwaves transmitted' b'through orbiting antennae. a mature lps offers an enormous' b"source of clean, sustainable power to meet the earth's ever" b'increasing demand using proven, basic technology.' b'' b'oasis (organization for the advancement of space' b'industrialization) is the greater los angeles chapter of the' b'national space society, which is an international non-profit' b'organization that promotes development of the space frontier.' b'the ventura county chapter is based in oxnard, ca.' b'' b'where: rockwell science center auditorium, camino' b'dos rios, thousand oaks, ca.' b'' b'directions: ventura freeway to thousand oaks, exit onto' b'lynn road heading north (right turn from b'north, left turn from south), after about b'mile turn left on camino dos rios, after about b'mile make first right into rockwell after camino' b'colindo, parking at top of hill to the left' b'' 