b'' b'' b'reading from a amoco performance products data sheet, their' b'erl-1906 resin with t40 carbon fiber reinforcement has a compressive' b'strength of psi. it has a density of lb/cu in,' b'therefore the theoretical height for a constant section column' b'that can just support itself is million inches, or ft,' b'or statute miles.' b'' b'now, a real structure will have horizontal bracing (either a truss' b'type, or guy wires, or both) and will be used below the crush strength.' b'let us assume that we will operate at of the theoretical' b'strength. this gives a working height of miles for a constant' b'section column.' b'' b'a constant section column is not the limit on how high you can' b'build something if you allow a tapering of the cross section' b'as you go up. for example, let us say you have a pound' b'load to support at the top of the tower (for simplicity in' b'calculation). this requires square inches of column cross' b'sectional area to support the weight. the mile of structure' b'below the payload will itself weigh lb, so at mile' b'below the payload, the total load is now lb, a increase.' b'' b'the next mile of structure must be thicker in cross section' b'to support the top mile of tower plus the payload. each mile' b'of structure must increase in area by the same ratio all the way' b'to the bottom. we can see from this that there is no theoretical' b'limit on area, although there will be practical limits based' b'on how much composites we can afford to by at $40/lb, and how' b'much load you need to support on the ground (for which you need' b'a foundation that the bedrock can support.' b'' b'let us arbitrarily choose billion as the limit in costruction' b'cost. with this we can afford perhaps lb of composites,' b'assuming our finished structure costs $100/lb. the $40/lb figure' b'is just for materials cost. then we have a tower/payload mass' b'ratio of at a mass ratio per mile, the tower' b'height becomes miles. this is clearly above the significant' b'atmosphere. a rocket launched from the top of the tower will still' b'have to provide orbital velocity, but atmospheric drag and g-losses' b'will be almost eliminated. g-losses are the component of' b'rocket thrust in the vertical direction to counter gravity,' b'but which do not contribute to horizontal orbital velocity. thus' b'they represent wasted thrust. together with drag, rockets starting' b'from the ground have a velocity penalty to contend with.' b'' b'this analysis is simplified, in that it does not consider wind' b'loads. these will require more structural support over the first' b'15 miles of height. above that, the air pressure drops to a low' b'enough value for it not to be a big factor.' b'' b'dani eder' b'' b'--' b'dani eder/meridian investment company/(205)464-2697(w)/232-7467(h)/' b"rt.1, box athens al 35611/location: 34deg n 86deg w +100m alt." 