b'' b'' b'okay, lets get the record straight on the livermore gas gun.' b'the project manager is dr. john hunter, and he works for the' b'laser group at livermore. what, you may ask, does gas guns' b'have to do with lasers? nothing, really, but the gun is physically' b'located across the road from the free electron laser building,' b'and the fel building has a heavily shielded control room (thick walls)' b'from which the gun firings are controlled. so i suspect that the' b'office he works for is an administrative convenience.' b'' b'i visited hunter at the beginning of feb. and we toured the gun.' b'at the time i was working on gas gun r&d at boeing, where i work,' b'but i am now doing other things (helping to save the space station),' b'' b'the gun uses a methane-air mixture, which is burned in a chamber' b'about ft long by inch id (i.e. it looks like a pipe).' b'the chamber holds a ton piston which is propelled at several' b'hundred m/s down the chamber. on the other side of the piston' b'is hudrogen gas, initially at room temperature andsome tens' b'of atmospheres.' b'' b'the piston compresses and heats the hydrogen ahead of it until' b'a stainless steel burst diaphragm ruptures, at around psi.' b'the barrel of the gun is about feet long and has a inch' b'bore. it is mounted at right angles to the chamber (i.e. they' b'intersect). this was done so that in the future, the barrel' b'could be raised and the gun fired into the air without having to' b'move the larger and heavier chamber. the projectile being used' b'in testing is a kg cylinder of lexan plastic, in in diameter' b'and about cm long.' b'' b'all of the acceleration comes from the expansion of the hydrogen' b'gas from psi downwards until the projectile leaves the' b'barrel. the barrel is evacuated, and the end is sealed with a' b'sheet of plastic film (a little thicker than saran wrap). the' b'plastic is blown off by the small amount of residual air trapped' b'in the barrel ahead of the projectile.' b'' b'the gun is fired into a bunker filled with sandbags and plastic' b'water jugs. in the early testing fragments of the plastic' b'projectile were found. at the higher speeds in later testing,' b'the projectile vaporizes.' b'' b'the testing is into a bunker because the livermore test range is' b'about miles across, and the projectile would go km' b'if fired for maximum range. the intent is to move the whole gun' b'to vandenberg afb after the testing is complete, where they can' b'fire into the pacific ocean, and use the tracking radar at vafb' b'to follow the projectiles.' b'' b'the design goal of the gun is to throw a kg projectile at b'km/s (half of orbital speed). so far they have reached km/s,' b'and the gun is currently down for repairs, as on the last test' b'they blew a seal and damaged some of the hardware (i think it' b'had to do with the methane-air more detonating than burning, but' b"i haven't had a chance to talk to hunter directly on this)." b'' b'there are people waiting to test scramjet components in this' b'gun by firing then out of the gun into the air (at mach b'4 km/s), since the most you can get in wind tunnels is mach b'' b'this gun cost about million to develop, and is basically' b'a proof-of-concept for a bigger gun capable of firing useful-' b'sized payloads into space. this would require on the order of' b'100 kg projectiles, which deliver on the order of kg' b'useful payload to orbit.' b'' b'dani eder' b'' b'--' b'dani eder/meridian investment company/(205)464-2697(w)/232-7467(h)/' b"rt.1, box athens al 35611/location: 34deg n 86deg w +100m alt." 