b'' b'' b'' b'000062david42 b'' b'the lunar tele-operation model one (ltm1)' b'=========================================' b'by david h. mitchell' b'march b'' b'introduction:' b'' b'in order to increase public interest in space-based and lunar operations, a' b'real miniature lunar-like environment is being constructed on which to test' b'tele-operated models. these models are remotely-controlled by individuals' b'located world-wide using their personal computers, for edutainment' b'purposes.' b'not only does this provide a test-bed for simple tele-operation and' b'tele-presence activities but it also provides for the sharing of' b'information' b'on methods of operating in space, including, but not limited to, layout of' b'a' b'lunar colony, tele-operating machines for work and play, disseminating' b'educational information, providing contests and awards for creativity and' b'achievement and provides a new way for students worldwide to participate in' b'twenty-first century remote learning methods.' b'' b'because of the nature of the ltm1 project, people of all ages, interests' b'and' b'skills can contribute scenery and murals, models and structures,' b'interfacing' b'and electronics, software and graphics. in operation ltm1 is an evolving' b'playground and laboratory that can be used by children, students and' b'professionals worldwide. using a personal computer at home or a terminal at' b'a participating institution a user is able to tele-operate real models at' b'the' b'ltm1 base for experimental or recreational purposes. because a real' b'facility' b'exists, ample opportunity is provided for media coverage of the' b'construction' b'of the lunar model, its operation and new features to be added as suggested' b'by the users themselves.' b'' b'this has broad inherent interest for a wide range of groups:' b'- tele-operations and virtual reality research' b'- radio control, model railroad and ham radio operation' b'- astronomy and space planetariums and science centers' b'- art and theater' b'- bbs and online network users' b'- software and game developers' b'- manufacturers and retailers of model rockets, cars and trains' b'- children' b'- the child in all of us' b'' b'ltm1 overall design:' b'' b'a room feet by feet contains the base lunar layout. the walls are used' b'for murals of distant moon mountains, star fields and a view of the earth.' b'the "floor" is the simulated lunar surface. a global call for contributions' b'is hereby made for material for the lunar surface, and for the design and' b'creation of scale models of lunar colony elements, scenery, and' b'machine-lets.' b'' b'the ltm1 initial design has tele-operated machinelets:' b'1. an ssto scale model which will be able to lift off, hover and land;' b'2. a bulldozerlet which will be able to move about in a quarry area; and' b'3. a moon-train which will traverse most of the simulated lunar surface.' b'' b'each machinelet has a small tv camera utilizing a ccd tv chip mounted on' b'it. a personal computer digitizes the image (including reducing picture' b'content and doing data-compression to allow for minimal images to be sent' b'to the operator for control purposes) and also return control signals.' b'' b'the first machinelet to be set up will be the moon-train since model trains' b'with tv cameras built in are almost off-the-shelf items and control' b'electronics for starting and stopping a train are minimal. the user will' b'receive an image once every to seconds depending on the speed of their' b'data link to ltm1.' b'' b'next, an ssto scale model with a ccd tv chip will be suspended from a' b'servo-motor operated wire frame mounted on the ceiling allowing for the' b'ssto' b'to be controlled by the operator to take off, hover over the entire lunar' b'landscape and land.' b'' b'finally, some tank models will be modified to be ccd tv chip equipped' b'bulldozerlets. the entire initial ltm1 will allow remote operators' b'worldwide' b'to receive minimal images while actually operating models for landing and' b'takeoff, traveling and doing work. the entire system is based on' b'commercially' b'available items and parts that can be easily obtained except for the' b'interface electronics which is well within the capability of many advanced' b'ham radio operator and computer hardware/software developers.' b'' b'by taking a graphically oriented communications program (dmodem) and adding' b'a tele-operations screen and controls, the necessary user interface can be' b'provided in under man hours.' b'' b'plan of action:' b'' b'the diaspar virtual reality network has agreed to sponsor this project by' b'providing a host computer network and internet access to that network.' b'diaspar is providing the foot by foot facility for actual construction' b'of the lunar model. diaspar has, in stock, the electronic tanks that can be' b'modified and one ccd tv chip. diaspar also agrees to provide "rail stock"' b'for the lunar train model. diaspar will make available the dmodem graphical' b'communications package and modify it for control of the machines-lets.' b'an initial "ground breaking" with miniature shovels will be performed for' b'a live photo-session and news conference on april the initial' b'models will be put in place. a time-lapse record will be started for' b'historical purposes. it is not expected that this event will be completely' b'serious or solemn. the lunar colony will be declared open for additional' b'building, operations and experiments. a photographer will be present and' b'the photographs taken will be converted to .gif images for distribution' b"world-wide to major online networks and bbs's. a press release will be" b'issued' b'calling for contributions of ideas, time, talent, materials and scale' b'models' b'for the simulated lunar colony.' b'' b'a contest for new designs and techniques for working on the moon will then' b'be' b'announced. universities will be invited to participate, the goal being to' b'find instructors who wish to have class participation in various aspects of' b'the lunar colony model. field trips to ltm1 can be arranged and at that' b'time' b'the results of the class work will be added to the model. contributors will' b'then be able to tele-operate any contributed machine-lets once they return' b'to' b'their campus.' b'' b'a monthly ltm1 newsletter will be issued both electronically online and via' b'conventional means to the media. any major new tele-operated equipment' b'addition will be marked with an invitation to the television news media.' b'having a large, real model space colony will be a very attractive photo' b'opportunity for the television community. especially since the "action"' b'will' b'be controlled by people all over the world. science fiction writers will be' b'invited to issue "challenges" to engineering and human factors students at' b'universities to build and operate the tele-operated equipment to perform' b'lunar tasks. using counter-weight and pulley systems, gravity may be' b'simulated to some extent to try various traction challenges.' b'' b'the long term goal is creating world-wide interest, education,' b'experimentation' b'and remote operation of a lunar colony. ltm1 has the potential of being a' b'long' b'term global edutainment method for space activities and may be the generic' b'example of how to teach and explore in many other subject areas not limited' b'to space edutainment. all of this facilitates the kind of spirit which can' b'lead to a generation of people who are ready for the leap to the stars!' b'' b'conclusion:' b'' b'edutainment is the blending of education and entertainment. anyone who has' b'ever enjoyed seeing miniatures will probably see the potential impact of a' b'globally available layout for recreation, education and experimentation' b'purposes. by creating a tele-operated model lunar colony we not only create' b'world-wide publicity, but also a method of trying new ideas that require' b'real' b"(not virtual) skills and open a new method for putting people's minds in" b'space.' b'' b'' b'moonlighters:' b'' b'"illuminating the path of knowledge about space and lunar development."' b'the following people are already engaged in various parts of this work:' b'david42, rob47, dash, hyson, jzer0, vril, wyatt, the dark one, tiggertoo,' b'the mad hatter, sir robin, jogden.' b'' b'come join the discussion any friday night from to midnight pst in' b'' b'diaspar virtual reality network. ideas welcome!' b'' b'internet telnet to: or diaspar.com' b'' b'(voice) b'(2400bd) b'(9600bd) b'' b'or directly to jzer0 on diaspar.' b'' 