b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'joint press release esa/un no b'paris, april b'' b'un/esa joint training course on satellite applications' b'to be held in italy, april' b'' b'the united nations and the european space agency (esa)' b'are jointly organising a training course on the applications of' b'satellite data gathered by the european remote sensing' b'satellite (ers-1), to be held in frascati, italy, from to b'april. the training course will discuss the applications of' b'satellite data concerning natural resources, renewable energy' b'and the environment.' b'' b'the training course, organised for the benefit of francophone' b'african experts, will be hosted by esrin, the european space' b"agency's establishment in frascati, which is responsible for" b"coordination with the users of data from esa's remote sensing" b'satellite. twenty-four experts in the field of remote sensing,' b'selected from francophone countries from northern, western' b'and central africa, and three regional african centres, will' b'attend the two-week session. the course will focus on remote' b'sensing techniques and data applications, particularly ers-1' b'data.' b'' b'the ers-1 satellite, developed by esa and launched in b'with the european ariane launcher, carries an advanced radar' b'instrument and is the first in a series of radar remote sensing' b'missions that will ensure availability of data beyond the year' b'2000. the aim of the training course is to increase the' b'potential of experts using the practical applications of radar' b'remote sensing systems to natural resources, renewable energy' b'and the environment, with particular emphasis on applications' b'to geology and mineral prospecting, oceanography and near-' b'coastal areas, agriculture, forestry and meteorology.' b'' b'the education and practical training programme was' b'developed jointly by the united nations and esa. the' b'facilities and the technical support, as well as lecturers and' b'information documents for the training course, will be' b'provided by the agency. lecturers at the training course will' b'include high-level experts from other european and african' b'organisations active in remote sensing applications. funds for' b'the training course are being provided by the united nations' b'' b'' b'' b'trust fund for new and renewable sources of energy; the' b'primary contributor to that fund is the government of italy.' b'' b'a similar training course is being planned for latin american' b'experts.' b'' b'' 