b'' b'' b'i am looking for any information concerning projects involving solar' b' sails' b'' b"i was at an interesting seminar at work (uk's r.a.l. space science" b'dept.) on this subject, specifically on a small-scale solar sail' b'proposed as a student space project. the guy giving the talk was keen to' b"generate interest in the project. i'll typein the handout he gave out at" b'the meeting. here goes b'' b'the microlight solar sail' b'-------------------------' b'' b'1. introduction' b'the solar sail is a well-established concept. harnessing the pressure of' b'sunlight, a spacecraft would have unlimited range. in principle, such a' b'vehicle could explore the whole solar system with zero fuel consumption.' b'' b'however it is more difficult to design a practical solar sail than most' b'people realize. the pressure of sunlight is only about one kilogram per' b'square kilometer. deploying and controlling the large area of aluminized' b"fabric which would be necessary to transport a 'conventional' type" b'spacecraft is a daunting task. this is why, despite the potential of hte' b'idea, no such craft has actually been launched to date.' b'' b'2.design' b'recent advances in microelectronics make possible a different concept: a' b'tiny sail just a few metres in diameter which could be controlled purely' b'be electronics, with no mechanical parts. several attitude control' b'methods are feasible: for example the pressure sunlight exerts on a' b'panel of solar cells varies according to whether power is being drawn.' b'' b'the key components of the craft will be a minute ccd camera developed at' b'edinburgh university which can act as both attitude sensor and data' b'gathering device; solar cells providing watt power for control and' b'communication; and a directional radio antenna etched onto the surface' b'of the sail itself. launched as a piggyback payload, the total cost of' b'the mission can be limited to a few tens of thousands of dollars.' b'' b'3.missions' b'the craft would be capable of some ambitious missions. for example:' b'a) it could rendezvous with a nearby asteroid from the apollo or amor' b'groups. closeup pictures could be transmitted back to earth at a low bit' b'rate.' b'b) it could be steered into a lunar polar orbit. previously unobserved' b'areas around the lunar poles could be viewed. by angling the sail to' b'reflect sunlight downwards, polar craters whose bases never receive' b'sunlight could be imaged. bright reflections would confirm that' b'volatiles such as water ice have become trapped in these' b'locations.[immensely valuable information for setting up a manned lunar' b'base, btw]' b'c) it could be sent to rendezvous with a small asteroid or comet' b'nucleus. impacting at low speed, a thin wire probe attached to the craft' b'causes it to rebound while capturing a tiny sample is a sharp-edged' b'tube, like performing a biopsy. returning to earth, the sail acts as an' b'ideal re-entry parachute: load per unit area gm/m2 ensures that heat' b'is reradiated so efectively that the sail temperature cannot exceed b'deg c. the material sample is recovered, enclosed in a small insulating' b'container.' b'' b'contact: colin jack tel. b'oxford mathematical designs, high street, oxford ox1 4dh, england' b'' b'--------------------------------' b'' b'this guy would love to hear from anyone interested in this project or' b'seeking details or anything, and would be most happy to send you more' b'information.' b'' b'andy' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'-----------------------------------' b'andy jonathan j. broderick, "i have come that they might have b'rutherford lab., uk life, and have it to the full" 