b'' b' i am looking for any information concerning projects involving solar' b' sails. b' are there any groups out there currently involved in such a project b'' b"sure. contact the world space foundation. they're listed in the sci.space" b"frequently asked questions file, which i'll excerpt." b'' b'world space foundation has been designing and building a solar-sail' b'spacecraft for longer than any similar group; many jpl employees lend' b'their talents to this project. wsf also provides partial funding for the' b'palomar sky survey, an extremely successful search for near-earth' b'asteroids. publishes *foundation news* and *foundation astronautics' b'notebook*, each a quarterly page newsletter. contributing associate,' b'minimum of $15/year (but more money always welcome to support projects).' b'' b'world space foundation' b'post office box y' b'south pasadena, california b'' b'wsf put together a little paperback anthology of fiction and' b'nonfiction about solar sails: *project solar sail*. i think robert' b'staehle, david brin, or arthur clarke may be listed as editor.' b'' b'also there is a nontechnical book on solar sailing by louis friedman,' b'a technical one by a guy whose name escapes me (help me out, josh),' b'and i would expect that greg matloff and eugene mallove have something' b'to say about the subject in *the starflight handbook*, as well as' b'quite a few references.' b'' b'' b'check the following articles in *journal of the british interplanetary' b'society*:' b'' b'v36 p. b'v36 p. b'v37 p. b'v37 p. b'v38 p. b'v38 p. b'' b'(can you guess that matloff visited fermilab and gave me a bunch of' b'reprints? i just found the file.)' b'' b'and k. eric drexler\'s paper "high performance solar sails and related' b'reflecting devices," aiaa paper probably in a book called' b'*space manufacturing*, maybe the proceedings of the second b'conference on space manufacturing. the one, at any rate.' b'' b'submarines, flying boats, robots, talking bill higgins' b'pictures, radio, television, bouncing radar fermilab' b'has yet been able to figure out a music span: 43011::higgins' b'holder for a marching piccolo player.' b'--meredith willson, 