b'' b'' b'' b' be the site of major commercial activity. as far as we know it has no' b" materials we can't get cheaper right here on earth or from asteroids" b' and comets, aside from the semi-mythic he3 that *might* be useful in low' b' grade fusion reactors.' b'' b'problem with 3he (aside from the difficulty in making any fusion' b'reactor work) is that its concentration in lunar regolith is just so' b'small on the order of ppb or so, on average (more in some' b'' b"this thread reminds me of wingo's claims some time ago about the moon" b"as a source of titanium for use on earth. as i recall, wingo wasn't" b'...' b'even of the basalts are tio2, this is trillions of tons of tio2' b'at concentrations only a factor of less than in lunar high-ti' b'basalts. it is difficult to see how the disadvantages of the moon' b'could be overcome by such a small increase the concentration of the' b'ore (never mind the richer, but less common, terrestrial ores being' b'mined today).' b'' b"why paul, it's obvious." b'once chlorine chemistry has been banned on earth,' b'as is being advocated by some groups, ti prices will' b'sharply increase (we are of course not allowed to' b'assume any developments in ti processing).' b'lunar ti will then be eminently competitive for' b'the trendy jewelry market and certain applications' b'of national importance' b'' b':-) b'' b'' b'(oops, this is sci.space... wrong rules of debate b'' b'' b"seriously, i'd say there is a flaw in gary's analysis" b'in that he assumes an export oriented economy, maybe' b'the lunatics will just want some native ti for local' b'use... as to why lunar natives are cost effective,' b'analysis has shown they will be critical in providing' b'a sheltered manufacturing base, technological innovation,' b'critical materials and manpower in the war between' b'the allies and central powers in about two hundred years...' b'' b';-)' b'' b'| steinn sigurdsson\t|i saw two shooting stars last night\t\t|' b'| lick observatory\t|i wished on them but they were only satellites\t|' b'| "standard disclaimer"\t|i wish, i wish, i wish you\'d care b.b. 1983\t|' 