b'' b'' b'there will be two eclipses of iapetus by saturn and its' b"rings, in may and july. please spread the word! here's some" b'information about the events, and then a couple of messages from jay' b'goguen of jpl appealing for thermal observations of the eclipse to' b'learn more about the thermal properties of iapetus. he might also have' b'some money available...' b'' b'john spencer, b'' b"iapetus will be eclipsed by the shadows of saturn's rings and saturn" b'itself on ut) and again on b'(21:16-09:38 ut). timing is as follows;' b'' b'1993 may b'' b'a-ring ingress b'egress b'b-ring ingress b'egress b'c-ring egress b'saturn ingress b'egress b'b-ring ingress b'egress b'a-ring ingress b'egress b'' b'1993 july b'' b'saturn ingress b'egress b'a-ring ingress (grazing)' b'egress b'' b'times could be minutes later according to an alternate ephemeris,' b"and photometric observations are important for refining iapetus'" b"orbit. because the sun's size projected on the rings as seen from" b"iapetus is km it's unlikely that we will learn anything new about" b'the rings themselves from the observations. see soma astronomy' b'and astrophysics l21-l24 for more details. thanks to andy odell' b'of northern arizona university for bringing the events to my' b'attention.' b'' b'thermal observations?' b'' b'' b'to me, the interesting thing to do would be thermal ir of the july' b'disappearance into the shadow of the planet to measure thermal inertia,' b'etc. unfortunately, the ut of this event renders it inaccessible,' b'except from russia. even from calar alto, saturn is rising through b'airmasses at ut. do you know anyone in russia or ukraine with' b"a big telescope and um instrumentation that's looking for something" b"to do? i'd be willing to make a personal grant of for the data." b'' b'jay' b'' b'and again:' b'' b'please try to encourage anyone that can observe the iapetus planet' b'disappearance to do so at thermal wavelengths. my impression would' b"be that it's not an easy observation. iapetus will be faint and" b"getting fainter in eclipse, so you'll need a big telescope that's a" b"good ir telescope and reasonable um instrumentation. i don't" b'think that combination is widely available at the longitudes that are' b'well placed for observation. we need sofia for this one. one' b"possibility would be the ir telescope in india, but it's only a m." b'' b'jay' b'' b'___ b'| jet propulsion lab b'___| m/s telos the aweto from new zealand' b'/___| pasadena, ca is part caterpillar and' b'|_____|/ part vegetable.' b'' 