b'' b'' b' all of this talk about a commercial space race (i.e. $1g to the first 1-year' b' moon base) is intriguing. similar prizes have influenced aerospace' b'development before. the $25k orteig prize helped lindbergh sell his spirit of' b' saint louis venture to his financial backers.' b' but i strongly suspect that his saint louis backers had the foresight to' b' realize that much more was at stake than b' could it work with the moon? who are the far-sighted financial backers of' b' today?' b'' b' the commercial uses of a transportation system between already-settled-' b'and-civilized areas are obvious. spaceflight is not in this position.' b"the correct analogy is not with aviation of the '30's, but the long" b'transocean voyages of the age of discovery.' b'' b"lindbergh's flight took place in not the thirties." b'' b"it didn't require gov't to" b'fund these as long as something was known about the potential for profit' b"at the destination. in practice, some were gov't funded, some were private." b'' b'could you give examples of privately funded ones?' b'' b'but there was no way that any wise investor would spend a large amount' b'of money on a very risky investment with no idea of the possible payoff.' b'' b'your logic certainly applies to standard investment strategies. however, the' b'concept of a prize for a difficult goal is done for different reasons, i' b"suspect. i'm not aware that mr orteig received any significant economic" b"benefit from lindbergh's flight. modern analogies, such as the prize for a" b'human powered helicopter face similar arguments. there is little economic' b'benefit in such a thing. the advantage comes in the new approaches developed' b'and the fact that a prize will frequently generate far more work than the' b'equivalent amount of direct investment would. a person who puts up x billion' b'for a moon base is much more likely to do it because they want to see it done' b'than because they expect to make money off the deal.' b'--' b'"find a way or make one."' b'-attributed to hannibal' 