b'' b'' b'speech by pete worden' b'' b'delivered before the u.s. space foundation conference' b'' b'colorado springs, colorado' b'' b'april b'' b'' b'what a delightful opportunity to cause some trouble. for' b'providing me this forum i would sincerely like to thank the u.s.' b'space foundation. my topic today is the single stage rocket' b'technology rocket or ssrt. by i intend to speak of more. how to' b'lower the cost and make rapid progress. ssrt is to my mind b'and i hope to convince you the erupting a new rallying cry for' b'our generation in space faster, cheaper, and better.' b'' b'faster, cheaper, better and ssrt represent the passing of a' b'torch from one technical generation to another. it is a new' b'thing to be sure but it is also a relearning of old things' b'from past masters.' b'' b'when we rolled out the ssrt baby two weeks ago, so called' b'experts told us it violates the laws of physics it made no' b'sense. for example, dr. eberhart rachtin former president of' b'the aerospace corp., said of ssrt in the l.a. times that it,' b'"defies the best principles of launching payloads into space."' b"well dr. rachtin you've made us mad! what are these" b'principles that ssrt defies?' b'' b"well i'll tell you. it violates the principle that you need" b'a giant program office to build space hardware. it violates the' b'"fact" that it takes years to build something new. and it' b'violates the truism that you cant do anything significant for' b'less than many billions of dollars.' b'' b"it took some of the last generation's experts to teach us" b"some new/old lessons. werhner von braun's first rocket was not a" b"saturn v. general schriever's icbm's didn't take ten years to" b"demonstrate. and the x-1 airplane didn't cost billion." b'' b"it took one of the great engineers of the 1950's to remind" b'us of these truths max hunter. max, to remind you, was a' b'senior engineer in the thor irbm program, and old faster, better,' b'cheaper success story. max has been persistent in a vision of a' b"single stage reusable space launch system since the 1960's." b'because he knew it had to be done in affordable steps build a' b'little, test a little.' b'' b'next he persuaded us to do a technology demonstration. we' b"didn't solicit a bunch of requirements they'd just change" b'every few years anyway. not included in the speech the' b'als/nls has such ephemeral requirements that it would better' b'known as "shape shifter" than "space lifter." we didn\'t spend a' b"lot money this x-rocket only cost million. when's the" b"last time we even built a new airplane for that? and it didn't" b'take a lot of time to build mcdonnell douglas completed it in' b'18 months. finally, the government program office consisted of' b'one very over-worked air force major motivated in part by the' b"threat that he'd get to ride on it in a strapped-on lawn chair if" b'it ran over cost or schedule.' b'' b"as i described what ssrt is and isn't keep in mind its" b'only a first step. there are several more steps and steps' b'that can easily fail before the u.s. can field an ssto. but' b'each step should follow the same principles a small management' b'team a few years technology demonstration and a modest' b'budget.' b'' b'let me show a few details on ssrt and how it might evolve:' b'(see charts)' b'' b"i'm embarrassed when my generation is compared with the last" b"generation the giants of the last great space era, the 1950's" b"and 1960's. they went to the moon we built a telescope that" b"can't see straight. they soft-landed on mars the least we" b'could do is soft-land on earth!' b'' b'but we do have an answer. we can follow their build a' b'little, test a little philosophy to produce a truly affordable' b'and routine access to space. i know there are nay sayers among' b'you those who say ssrt is a stunt. it needs more thermal' b'protection, the engines are wrong, it would be better to land' b'horizontally, etc, etc.' b'' b"i say to you we'll see you at white sands in june. you" b"bring your view-graphs, and i'll bring my rocketship. if we do" b'what we say we can do, then you let us do the next step. not' b'included in the speech: if we fail you still have your' b'program offices, staff summary sheets, requirement analyses, and' b'decade long programs.]' b'' b"i bet on my generation and max hunter's idea any takers?" 