b'' b'ether implodes earth core, is gravity!!!' b'' b'this paper both describes how heavenly bodys can be stationary,' b'ether sucking structures, and why we observe "orbital" motion!!' b'' b'ether, the theoretical propogation media of electro-magnetic' b'waves, was concluded not to exist, based on the results of the' b'michelson-moreley experiment conducted a century ago.' b'' b'i propose that those conclusions are flawed, based on the fact' b'that the experiment was designed to look for a flow parallel to the' b"earth's surface, not perpindicular. (due to the prevailing assumption" b'that the earth traveled through the ether as a ball through the wind)' b'' b'the reversal of the that conclusion, a pivotal keystone in the' b'development of modern scientific thought, could have ramifications' b'of biblical proportions through out the world!!' b'' b'remember: einstien said imagination is greater than knowledge!!' b'' b'' b'1' b'i dream like this: ether based reality' b'' b'the ether is like a fluid out of phase with our reality. creations' b'start as a lattice placed into the ether. given a spin, the lattices' b'both drag the fluid, like a margarita blender, and ingest it,' b'converting it, distilling localized mass, time and energy.' b'(non-spinning lattice "dark matter")' b'' b"the earth isn't exactly spinning, around the sun. picture an image" b"of a galaxy; we haven't any videos of them spinning. picture us" b"being stationary, and the sun's image being dragged across the sky by" b'the spinning ether field. (picture an onion, each layer of which is' b'spinning a little faster than the next. a thread shot at the inner' b'kernel would be stretched diagonally sideways, its head being in a' b'faster shell than its tail, until it finally intersected the ground' b'of the inner kernel, its direction vector being straight down, but' b'its "foot print" being a line, not a point. [sunrise, sunset])' b'' b"the moon isn't exactly orbiting us. it is a parasite, (non self" b"spin sustaining being dragged in the earth's ether field, which is" b"itself in the sun's much more powerful field. our seasons are the" b'wobble of earth\'s axis, like a top slowing down. the "orbit" of the' b"earth around the sun is all of the stars' images being dragged around" b"by the sun's ether feild." b'' b'the earth, moon and sun are about the same size and "distance"' b'apart. its just that the time between them varies greatly, because' b'the "path" is not the same. the moon\'s lattice in the ether is like' b'sticking a fork in a plate of spaghetti and giving the plate a half' b"turn. the sun's lattice has so much spin that its like the fork has" b'got the whole plate of noodles wound up. the piece of light going to' b'the moon can slide down the spaghetti and maybe make a "j" hook at' b'the end. the piece of light going to the sun has to go around the' b'whole plate, like a needle in a record, before it gets there.' b'' b'with a pencil, compass, and rule, draw a diagram of how the moon' b'can be about as big as "earth\'s" shadow upon it, and at other times' b'totally eclipse the sun. look in the sky. except for your knowledge,' b'would you guess that they are about the same size, just because they' b'look about the same size?' b'' b'o e o o o s' b'e b'm or m' b'\\ b's' b'' b'the full moon, quarter moon etc. is the difference between rate' b'of ether spins. what we are looking at is a rotating "turntable view"' b"of the moon, only half of which is facing the sun. i've seen a" b'half moon within about degrees (of sky) of the sun, during the' b'day. try and draw that "earth shadow.") its only the moon\'s image' b'which appears to orbit us. no matter where it is, the light part is' b'the part facing the sun, and the dark part is the half facing away' b'from the sun, even when it appears to be behind us.' b'' b'"light-years" between galaxies is a misnomer. the distance is' b'closer to zero, as time and matter are characteristics of this phase' b'of reality, which dissipates outward with each layer of the onion.' b'(defining edge ether spin) what we are seeing could be' b'essentially happening now. the "piece" of light may have experienced' b'many years, but the trip could be very quick, our time.' b'' b'to time travel or warp space i might consider learning to' b'de-spin myself. (phase out my mass) good luck trying to design' b'a propulsion system to drag around a space-time locality. (its like' b'trying to move a balloon by shooting a squirt gun from within)' b'' b"to find out about all of this, i recommend studying history. i'd" b'look in the book of life. (or holy grail etc.) brain waves just' b"might carry decipherable data. i'd start looking on some part of the" b'spectra said to be unusable, due to all the background noise. b"billion humans?) i'd totally isolate myself, record me thinking dog" b'backwards, and learn to read what i got. (microsoft holy grail card' b'for pentium!)' b'' b'next, concluding that my thoughts were recorded on a non time-bound' b'media, the ether, and that it is i who move forward (in time). i' b'would try to temporarily locally reverse the flow, (of time, which' b"i'd start looking for as flowing opposite magnetism, pole to pole." b'[why not?]) perhaps by passing a large, flat dc current through a' b'two foot diameter. coil or choke or something, and seeing what i' b"could get with my machine's receiver next to it." b'' b"if you don't think you'll live to see it, consider this: quit" b'putting the reproductive keys of other life in your body! all of' b"life's data could be written on the wind, (ether) not just our" b'thoughts. dna could be a little receiver or file access code. by' b'eating seeds, we could be jamming our reception, or receiving plant' b'instructions. try eating seed bearing fruit. maybe those greek or' b"biblical guys did live hundreds of years. i'm curios to see what" b"they did and ate. don't worry if your hair stops growing. (maybe we" b"don't need to eat at all, the cosmos are formed from nothing, and" b'that is creating matter! i only need enough to bounce around. where' b"did the household concept 'immortal' come from? wheat is a weed, it" b'is programmed to pull from the soil, reproduce like hell, and then' b'die)' b'' b'warning about writing to the past:' b'i had a little dream of being in a world, in the near parallel' b'future, lying along a path of history which we have diverged from.' b'there were; twelve telepathic, glowing beings, who looked like an' b'oscar award and who had always been, a dark one who looked like us,' b'and then myself. the dark one was in the process of making the' b'others into gods, (he had to teach them what that meant) by' b'"advising" them in their past. basically, he manipulated them into' b'reproducing, and raising their children on his seed. he said that' b'the little ones who looked different were a sub-species, meant to' b'provide service. he carefully combed through history, rewriting it' b'in his favor, pulling like a weed anything that compromised his' b'control. he enticed recruits by sending them his visions, saying' b'that there was immortality at the end of the road for only twelve' b'souls: kill or be killed. the amount of control he could exert was' b'finite, though, as at every change he made, a void would appear in' b'our reality. the universe one day ended meters from us: it' b"seemed odd, but we couldn't remember how else it should be. then" b'some of the twelve were no more. finally, when he could prune no' b'more, and reality stopped just beyond his fingertips, he stepped' b'through his portal to the past, to bask, over and over, in all that' b'he had created. i made a few more changes, and lost my body,' b'existing only on the wind.' b'' b'moral: its very possible to eliminate from your reality the souls' b"whose will's are not in harmony with yours (golden rule treat" b'others as you wish to be treated) i.e., you could end up along a' b'lonely thread of time with murderers or flowery brown-nosers for' b"playmates. (its not eternal, there's more than one way back)" b'' b'accepting rides to the past:' b'once here, the one who looks like us sells rides, he can make you a' b'prince, or a queen, or you can live as a god in ancient greece. go' b'ahead, repeat the third grade as often as you like, adam henry.' b'i hope you like inspecting your socks. careful though, if he likes' b"your work, but thinks you're getting wise, he can direct you to cross" b"paths with your old self, and you'll vanish as you rewrite your own" b'course of history, none the wiser.' b'' b'as we pass the point along the parallel line where he stepped' b'back in time, his hierarchy will lose its direction. he can still' b"make changes while he's here, its just that that is work, and with" b"every 'adjustment', this becomes less the world he cultivated, which" b'loosens his grip, and his organization is suddenly one branch less.' b"but he can't see the change. the basic nature of man is good. he had" b'to apply his hand to achieve his world. as he now tightens his hand' b'to retain what he built, the more sand slips through his fingers.' b'' b'how about public computer access to the i.r.s. its our country,' b"our money, and they're spending it on us, right? imagine this:" b'washington marks the next cost at irs collects gives to' b'congress, and just absolutely buries congress borrows the banks' b'are making, what, a margin (interest) on our government? big' b'corporations are ecstatic if they can do a margin. what do the' b'banks do with it? hold some on a carrot to the world, sure, but' b'mostly, bury it. why? food production is gnp?, construction b'hours to build your auto? the people are spending all of their time' b'to buy back a tenth of what they produce. have we been deceived? if' b'we are more efficient, why is it getting harder to get by? what if' b'the point is just to keep the people busy making widgets?' b'' b'in that other reality, i shouted to the twelve, "its chaos!" they' b'said, "no, its order." he defined chaos as that which is he was not' b'able to control.' b'' b'rain forest: the problem could be that all the water in its canopy' b'would hide the location of an indigenous people who have no' b"language. (telepathic; and 'vanishing' the closest knowledge of death)" b'(think of the spine as a transceiver, if it is on the ground and' b'pointed up, you can locate it from above) these people are probably' b'naive as children, but very, very tough to kill. also, they should' b'be able to tell you stories about the dark one that i talk about.' b'they can hear him. i think that ham and world band radio old timers' b'might have a story to tell on this. these people would be on a' b"different frequency than us as they aren't eating seeds." b'' b'famine relief: when i make my diet almost all whole wheat, i get a' b'huge belly, lose muscle mass, sleep a lot, and get sick. when i eat' b'only fresh fruit, i get more energy, a hollywood-flat belly, and' b'need a lot less sleep.' b'' b'un. peace keeping; there is fighting and killing all over. the' b'troops go in when there is no bread on the shelf. (its ok to kill' b'each other, just make sure there is enough to eat.)' b'' b'somalia: what is disturbing is energetic, gun carrying, three foot' b'tall sixteen year-olds, who eat nothing but some roots that they' b'suck on. it is not so much that their growth is stunted, it is that' b"they aren't dying at a rate of of years per life." b'' b'women with children, babes in arms: historical references to women' b'and children as a single unit could mean that infants were not cut' b'from the umbilical cord. (and hence, were not breast fed) i think' b'that there may be some very interesting results to this, such as' b'mother-child telepathy, and blue blooded infants. there are examples' b'of this practice in the aquatic mammal kingdom to investigate.' b'' b'that guy is the master of illusion, and the ultimate liar. he' b'tells it first, and then just follows the thread of time in which' b"the people are willing to buy it. (in which he can make it so) he'll" b"play a poker face up until he thinks he's cornered, and then he'll" b"whine, beg and grovel. all it means to him is that you're willing to" b'live on the ground work that he has laid, that is, that he was' b"right, and he didn't over play his hand, and he won't need to go" b'back and try another thread of time. you have ultimate control over' b"your destiny, just don't live along a path that leads to a reality" b"in which you don't want to be a part of." b'' b"i don't claim to be the first to think these things, its just" b"that the others could have been 'pruned' from our path. maybe these" b'thoughts given to me were laid down on the track of time, after him.' b'' b'' b'' 