b'' b'writes:' b' here is a way to get the commericial companies into space and mineral' b' exploration.' b'' b' basically get the eci-freaks to make it so hard to get the minerals on earth..' b' you think this is crazy. well in a way it is, but in a way it is reality.' b'' b' there is a billin the congress to do just that.. basically to make it so' b' expensive to mine minerals in the us, unless you can by off the inspectors or' b' tax collectors.. ascially what i understand from talking to a few miner friends' b' of mine, that they (the congress) propose to have a tax on the gross income of' b' the mine, versus the adjusted income, also the state governments have there' b' normal taxes. so by the time you get done, paying for materials, workers, and' b' other expenses you can owe more than what you made.' b' basically if you make a and spend ofor expenses, you can owe' b' in federal taxes.. bascially it is driving the miners off the land.. and' b' the only peopel who benefit are the eco-freaks..' b'' b' basically to get back to my beginning statement, is space is the way to go' b' cause it might just get to expensive to mine on earth because of either the' b' eco-freaks or the protectionist..' b' such fun we have in these interesting times..' b'' b' b'' b"the current mining regulations and fees were set in the 1800's!" b'what the so-called "eco-freaks" want to do is to simply bring those' b'fees in line with current economic reality. currently, mining companies' b'can get access to minerals on public lands for ridiculously low prices b'something like the mining lobby has for decades managed to block' b'any reform of these outdated fees. in fact, the latest attempt to reform' b'them was again blocked president clinton "compromised" by taking the' b"mining fee reforms out of his budget, and plans to draft separate" b'legislation to fight that battle.' b'if you want to discuss this further, i suggest you take this to talk.environment.' b'' b'g. patrick molloy' b'huntsville, alabama' 