b'' b'forwarded from neal ausman, galileo mission director' b'' b'galileo' b'mission director status report' b'post-launch' b'april b'' b'' b'spacecraft' b'' b'1. on april cruise science memory readouts (mros) were performed for the' b'extreme ultraviolet spectrometer (euv), dust detector (dds), and magnetometer' b'(mag) instruments. preliminary analysis indicates the data was received' b'properly.' b'' b'2. on april a command detector unit signal-to-noise ratio (cdusnr) test' b'and a radio frequency subsystem automatic gain control (rfsagc) test were' b'performed using the lga-1 (low gain antenna over dss-63 (madrid meter' b'antenna) and dss-61 (madrid meter antenna), respectively. data analysis' b'is in process. these tests are periodically performed to provide detailed' b'information relative to the telecom command hardware integrity.' b'' b'3. on april a no-op command was sent to reset the command loss timer to' b'264 hours, its planned value during this mission phase.' b'' b'4. on april the first of two suppressed carrier/dsn (deep space network)' b'advanced receiver characterization tests was performed over dss-14 (goldstone' b'70 meter antenna). the spacecraft modulation index was varied from degrees' b'to degrees for a range of ground receiver bandwidth settings.' b'' b'5. the ac bus imbalance measurement has not exhibited significant change' b'(greater than dn) throughout this period but the dc bus imbalance' b'measurement has. the ac measurement reads dn volts). the dc' b'measurement has ranged from dn volts) to dn volts) and' b'currently reads dn volts). these measurements are consistent with' b'the model developed by the ac/dc special anomaly team.' b'' b'6. the spacecraft status as of april is as follows:' b'' b'a) system power margin watts' b'b) spin configuration dual-spin' b'c) spin rate/sensor 3.15rpm/star scanner' b'd) spacecraft attitude is approximately degrees' b'off-sun (lagging) and degrees off-earth (leading)' b'e) downlink telemetry rate/antenna- 40bps(coded)/lga-1' b'f) general thermal control all temperatures within' b'acceptable range' b'g) rpm tank pressures all within acceptable range' b'h) orbiter science- instruments powered on are the pws,' b'euv, uvs, epd, mag, hic, and dds' b'i) probe/rrh powered off, temperatures within' b'acceptable range' b'j) cmd loss timer setting hours' b'time to initiation hours' b'' b'' b'trajectory' b'' b'as of noon thursday, april the galileo spacecraft trajectory' b'status was as follows:' b'' b'distance from earth km au)' b'distance from sun km au)' b'heliocentric speed km per hour' b'distance from jupiter km' b'round trip light time minutes, seconds' b'' b'' b'special topic' b'' b'1. as of april a total of real-time commands have been' b'transmitted to galileo since launch. of these, were initiated in the' b'sequence design process and initiated in the real-time command process.' b'in the past week, one real time command was transmitted: one was initiated in' b'the sequence design process and none initiated in the real time command' b'process. the only command activity was a command to reset the command loss' b'timer.' b'___ b'| jet propulsion lab b'___| m/s telos the aweto from new zealand' b'/___| pasadena, ca is part caterpillar and' b'|_____|/ part vegetable.' b'' 