b'' b' sorry if i do not have the big degrees' b'and such, but i think (i might be wrong, to error is human) i have something' b'that is in many ways just as important, i have imagination, dreams. and without' b'dreams all the knowledge is worthless..' b'' b" oh, and us with the big degrees don't got imagination, huh?" b'' b' the alleged dichotomy between imagination and knowledge is one of the most' b' pernicious fallacys of the new age. michael, thanks for the generous' b' offer, but we have quite enough dreams of our own, thank you.' b'' b'well said.' b'' b' you, on the other hand, are letting your own dreams go to waste by' b' failing to get the maths/thermodynamics/chemistry/(your choices here)' b' which would give your imagination wings.' b'' b" just to show this isn't a flame, i leave you with a quote from _invasion of" b' the body snatchers_:' b'' b' "become one of us; it\'s not so bad, you know"' b'' b'okay, del, so michael was being unfair, but you are being unfair back.' b'he is taking college courses now, i presume he is studying hard, and' b'his postings reveal that he is *somewhat* hip to the technical issues' b'of astronautics. plus, he is attentively following the erudite' b'discourse of the big brains who post to sci.space; is it not' b'inevitable that he will get a splendid technical education from' b'reading the likes of you and me? b'' b'like others involved in sci.space, mr. adams shows symptoms of being a' b"fledgling member of the technoculture, and i think he's soaking it up" b'fast. i was a young guy with dreams once, and they led me to get a' b'technical education to follow them up. too bad i wound up in an' b'assembly-line job stamping out identical neutrinos day after day...' b'(-:' b'' b'[1] though rumors persist that del and i are both pseudonyms of fred' b'mccall.' b'' b'bill higgins, beam jockey "we\'ll see you' b'fermi national accelerator laboratory at white sands in june.' b'span/hepnet: 43011::higgins --col. pete worden on the dc-x' 