b'' b'from the "jpl universe"' b'april b'' b'cosmologist stephen hawking tours lab' b'' b'by karre marino' b'some years after his first visit to jpl, prof. stephen' b'hawking, lucasian professor of mathematics at cambridge' b'university and author of "a brief history of time," returned to' b'the lab april b'on a tour hosted by jpl chief scientist dr. moustafa chahine' b'and merle mckenzie, manager of the international affairs office,' b'hawking visited a variety of facilities, met with lab director' b'dr. edward stone and various project scientists and managers, and' b'felt "like royalty," he said. hawking, whose theories attempt to' b'explain the origin of distant galaxies, black holes and alternate' b'dimensions, wanted to re-visit jpl, he explained, "because while' b"i'm most interested in those things in space that are farther" b'away, i know that here is where the first steps are taken."' b'hawking, who was accompanied by his family, two graduate' b'students and his aides, began the tour in von karman auditorium,' b'as david evans, deputy assistant lab director in the office of' b"flight projects, and dr. arden albee, mars observer's project" b'scientist, briefed him on current and past flight projects.' b'voyager was pointed out to him, with special attention paid' b'to a gold plate with a series of engraved images. should' b'extraterrestrial life stumble upon the spacecraft, evans noted,' b'they would find a variety of images that would explain something' b'of earth. the professor asked if we were still communicating with' b'the spacecraft, and evans affirmed that we are.' b'using a model of mars observer, albee spent several minutes' b"describing the project and the spacecraft's features. in answer" b'to a question from hawking, chahine described a proposed' b'drag-free satellite, but confirmed that at this point, "it\'s only' b'a concept." chahine, who had met hawking at caltech about five' b'years before, described the professor as "a living miracle of the' b"power of the brain. he's miraculous, and he has such a good sense" b'of humor."' b'the next stop, a demonstration on scientific data' b"visualization in section 384's digital image animation lab," b'entertained and delighted the group, as everyone donned goggles' b'to view 3-d images of mars. project scientist dr. eric de jong' b'showed off the latest data a comet that had only recently been' b'discovered in orbit close to jupiter. hawking was curious about' b'its composition, and as he was shown how images are developed, he' b'asked several questions on their interpretation.' b'norman haynes, ald, office of telecommunications and data' b'acquisition, briefed the professor on the space flight operations' b'facility, and then hawking spoke with stone.' b'the day ended with two technical discussions of particular' b'interest to the professor. technical group leader dr. frank' b'estabrook and senior research scientist hugo wahlquist described' b'a three-spacecraft gravity wave experiment, currently under way.' b'then planetary astronomer dr. richard terrile explained the' b'philosophy and plans for extra solar system planetary detection.' b'the hawking party, which had been visiting southern' b'california for five weeks, was headquartered at caltech, and' b'planned to leave for england within a few weeks after the lab' b'tour. upon departing, the cambridge-based scientist promised' b'chahine that he would return to jpl for another visit.' b'###' b'___ b'| jet propulsion lab b'___| m/s telos the aweto from new zealand' b'/___| pasadena, ca is part caterpillar and' b'|_____|/ part vegetable.' b'' 