b'' b'from the "jpl universe"' b'april b'' b'sirtf is still very much in business' b'' b'by mark whalen' b'in these times of extra-tight nasa budgets, the very' b'survival of a number of missions has been uncertain. but thanks' b"to major design refinements implemented in recent months, jpl's" b'space infrared telescope facility (sirtf) a major project' b'considered to be in trouble a couple of years ago is "alive' b'and well," according to project scientist michael werner.' b'a lighter spacecraft, revised orbit and shorter mission have' b'added up to a less expensive project with "tremendous scientific' b'power" and a bright future, said werner.' b'designed as a follow-up to the highly successful infrared' b'astronomical satellite (iras) and cosmic background explorer' b'(cobe) missions, sirtf a cryogenically cooled observatory for' b'infrared astronomy from space is scheduled for launch in b'or if plans proceed as scheduled.' b"iras' pioneering work in space-based infrared astronomy b'years ago allowed astronomers to view the milky way as never' b'before and revealed, among other things, galaxies and b'comets. it provided a sky survey times more sensitive than' b'any previously available from ground-based observations. cobe has' b'measured the infrared and microwave background radiation on large' b'angular scales, and revealed new facts about the early universe.' b"but to illuminate sirtf's potential, jim evans, jpl's" b'manager of astrophysics and fundamental physics pre-projects,' b'recently said that the project is to million times more' b'capable than iras," based on technological advances in infrared' b'detector arrays.' b'however, despite the enormous strides in infrared' b'exploration sirtf promised, and the fact that it was cited as the' b'highest priority new initiative for all of astronomy in the 1990s' b'(by the national academy of sciences), it took a "diet or die"' b'directive from nasa headquarters last year to keep the project' b'going, according to werner.' b'the project is now known as atlas sirtf, based on the key' b'factor in its new design: the satellite will orbit the sun' b'instead of the earth, permitting the use of an atlas rocket' b'launch instead of the formerly proposed and heavier titan. "the' b'main advantage of the solar orbit is that you can use all of your' b"launch capability for boosting the payload you don't have to" b'carry up a second rocket to circularize the orbit," werner said.' b'the other advantage to a solar orbit, he said, is that "it\'s in a' b'better thermal environment, away from the heat of the earth."' b"additional major changes in sirtf's redesign include" b'shortening the mission from five to three years and building a' b'spacecraft that is less than half as heavy as in the original' b'plan atlas sirtf will weigh kilograms pounds)' b"compared to titan sirtf's kilograms pounds)." b'all of that adds up to "a less stressful launch' b'environment," werner said, and a cost savings of more than b'million for the launch, in addition to increased savings in the' b'design of the smaller, less massive spacecraft.' b"werner said sirtf's redesign came as a result of congress'" b'telling nasa "you\'re trying to do too many things. if you want us' b'to support sirtf, which is a good project, develop a plan to see' b'how it fits into (nasa\'s) overall strategy."' b"shortly thereafter, sirtf was named as nasa's highest" b'priority "flagship" scientific mission by the interdisciplinary' b'space sciences advisory committee, in addition to the blessing' b'from the national academy of sciences.' b'while the spacecraft and its instruments required descoping' b"to keep the project alive, sirtf's major scientific contribution" b'always promised to come about from its advanced infrared detector' b'arrays, which will allow images to be developed "tens of' b'thousands of times faster" than before, according to evans.' b'"up until a couple of years ago," werner said, "all infrared' b'astronomy was done with single detectors or very small arrays' b'of individually assembled detectors. since then, the department' b'of defense has developed a program to produce arrays of tens or' b'hundreds of thousands of detectors, rather than just a few, and' b'those are very well suited for use on sirtf."' b'werner noted that in addition to dealing with budget' b'pressures, congress is currently watching nasa projects with an' b'eye out for any "technological spinoff."' b'"on that question, i think we have some things to say," he' b'said, "because the detectors we\'re using are straight off various' b'military developments. also, sirtf will be built by the u.s.' b"aerospace industry, and it's a real technological and engineering" b'challenge in addition to being a tremendous scientific project.' b'"sirtf will be used by the entire astronomical community,"' b'werner added, but the revised three-year mission "puts a premium' b'on observing time. we have to educate the user community and' b'develop a program that involves early surveys and quick' b'turnaround of the data."' b'werner said the downsizing of the project required a' b"reduction in scope and complexity of sirtf's three instruments b'the infrared spectrograph, infrared array camera and multiband' b'imaging photometer. however, these reductions will only result in' b'losses of efficiency rather than capability, he said.' b'the project hopes to start a "phase b" activity in b'which will provide a detailed concept for development and design.' b'building the hardware would begin about two years later.' b'projected cost estimates, evans said, are million-$950' b'million.' b'"i am very optimistic about sirtf," he said. "it will' b'provide a tremendous return for the investment."' b'werner added that an additional benefit from the project' b'will be the "enrichment of our intellectual and cultural' b'environment. people on the street are very interested in' b'astronomy black holes, the possibility of life on other' b'planets, the origin of the universe and those are the kind of' b'questions sirtf will help answer."' b'###' b'___ b'| jet propulsion lab b'___| m/s telos the aweto from new zealand' b'/___| pasadena, ca is part caterpillar and' b'|_____|/ part vegetable.' b'' 