b'' b'forwarded from the mars observer project' b'' b'mars observer status report' b'april b'10:00 am pdt' b'' b'flight sequence c8 is active, the spacecraft subsystems and instrument' b'payload performing well in array normal spin and outer cruise' b'configuration, with uplink and downlink via the high gain antenna; uplink' b'at bps, downlink at the k engineering data rate.' b'' b'as a result of the spacecraft entering contingency mode on april all' b'payload instruments were automatically powered off by on-board fault' b'protection software. gamma ray spectrometer random access memory' b'was successfully reloaded on monday, april to prepare for' b'magnetometer calibrations which were rescheduled for execution in flight' b'sequence c9 on tuesday and wednesday of next week, a reload of payload' b'data system random access memory will take place this morning' b'beginning at am.' b'' b'over this weekend, the flight team will send real-time commands to' b'perform differential one-way ranging to obtain additional data for' b'analysis by the navigation team. radio science ultra stable oscillator' b'testing will take place on monday b'' b'the flight sequence c9 uplink will occur on sunday, april with' b'activation at midnight, monday evening april c9 has been modified to' b'include magnetometer calibrations which could not be performed in c8 due' b'to contingency mode entry on april these magnetometer instrument' b'calibrations will allow the instrument team to better characterize the' b'spacecraft-generated magnetic field and its effect on their instrument.' b'this information is critical to martian magnetic field measurements' b'which occur during approach and mapping phases. mag cals will require' b'the sequence to command the spacecraft out of array normal spin state' b'and perform slew and roll maneuvers to provide the mag team data points' b'in varying spacecraft attitudes and orientations.' b'' b'today, the spacecraft is km mi.) from mars' b'travelling at a velocity of kilometers/second mph) with' b'respect to mars. one-way light time is approximately minutes, b'seconds.' b'___ b'| jet propulsion lab b'___| m/s telos the aweto from new zealand' b'/___| pasadena, ca is part caterpillar and' b'|_____|/ part vegetable.' b'' 