b'' b' besides this was the same line of horse puckey the mining companies claimed' b' when they were told to pay for restoring land after strip mining.' b'===' b'i aint talking the large or even the "mining companies" i am talking the small' b'miners, the people who have themselves and a few employees (if at all).the' b'people who go out every year and set up thier sluice box, and such and do' b'mining the semi-old fashion way.. (okay they use modern methods toa point).' b'' b'' b" lot's of these small miners are no longer miners. they are people living" b' rent free on federal land, under the claim of being a miner. the facts are' b' many of these people do not sustaint heir income from mining, do not' b' often even live their full time, and do fotentimes do a fair bit' b' of environmental damage.' b'' b" these minign statutes were created inthe 1830's-1870's when the west was" b' uninhabited and were designed to bring people into the frontier. times change' b" people change. deal. you don't have a constitutional right to live off" b' the same industry forever. anyone who claims the have a right to their' b' job in particular, is spouting nonsense. this has been a long term' b" federal welfare program, that has outlived it's usefulness." b'' b' pat' b'' b'' b'hum, do you enjoy putting words in my mouth?' b'come to nome and meet some of these miners.. i am not sure how things go down' b'south in the lower (i used to visit, but), of course to believe the' b'media/news its going to heck (or just plain crazy).' b'well it seems that alot of unionist types seem to think that having a job is a' b'right, and not a priviledge. right to the same job as your forbearers, see:' b"kennedy's and tel me what you see (and the families they have married into)." b'there is a reason why many historians and poli-sci types use unionist and' b'socialist in the same breath.' b'the miners that i know, are just your average hardworking people who pay there' b'taxes and earn a living.. but taxes are not the answer. but maybe we could move' b'this discussion to some more appropriate newsgroup..' b'' b'==' 