b'' b'' b'{description of "external tank" option for ssf redesign deleted}' b'' b"mark proposed this design at joe shea's committee in crystal city," b'and he reports that he was warmly received. however, the rumors' b'i hear say that a design based on a wingless space shuttle orbiter' b'seems more likely.' b'' b'yo ken, let\'s keep on-top of things! both the "external tank" and' b'"wingless orbiter" options have been deleted from the ssf redesign' b"options list. today's edition of the new york times reports" b"that o'connor told the panel that some redesign proposals have" b'been dropped, such as using the "giant external fuel tanks used' b'in launching space shuttles," and building a "station around' b'an existing space shuttle with its wings and tail removed."' b'' b'currently, there are three options being considered, as presented' b'to the advisory panel meeting yesterday (and as reported in' b"today's times)." b'' b'option "a" low cost modular approach' b'this option is being studied by a team from msfc. {as an aside,' b'there are ssf redesign teams at msfc, jsc, and larc supporting' b'the srt (station redesign team) in crystal city. both lerc and' b'reston folks are also on-site at these locations, helping the respective' b'teams with their redesign activities.} key features of this' b'option are:' b'- uses "bus-1", a modular bus developed by lockheed that\'s' b"qualified for sts and elv's. the bus provides propulsion, gn&c" b'communications, data management. lockheed developed this' b'for the air force.' b'- a "power station capability" is obtained in shuttle flights.' b'ssf solar arrays are used to provide kw of power. the vehicle' b'flies in an "arrow mode" to optimize the microgravity environment.' b'shuttle/spacelab missions would utilize the vehilce as a power' b'source for day missions.' b'- human tended capability (as opposed to the old ssf sexist term' b'of man-tended capability) is achieved by the addition of the' b'us common module. this is a modified version of the existing' b'ssf lab module (docking ports are added for the international' b"partners' labs, taking the place of the nodes on ssf). the" b'shuttle can be docked to the station for day missions.' b'the orbiter would provide crew habitability eva capability.' b'- international human tended. add the nasda esa modules, and' b'add another kw of power' b'- permanent human presence capability. add a 3rd power module,' b'the u.s. habitation module, and an acrv (assured crew return' b'vehicle).' b'' b'option "b" space station freedom derived' b'the option "b" team is based at larc, and is lead by mike griffin.' b'this option looks alot like the existing ssf design, which we' b'have all come to know and love b'' b'this option assumes a lightweight external tank is available for' b'use on all ssf assembly flights (so does option "a"). also, the' b'number of flights is computed for a inclination orbit,' b'for both options "a" and "b".' b'' b'the build-up occurs in six phases:' b'- initial research capability reached after flights. power' b'is transferred from the vehicle to the orbiter/spacelab, when' b'it visits.' b'- man-tended capability (griffin has not yet adopted non-sexist' b'language) is achieved after flights. the u.s. lab is' b'deployed, and solar power module provides kw of power.' b'- permanent human presence capability occurs after flights, by' b'keeping one orbiter on-orbit to use as an acrv (so sometimes' b'there would be two orbiters on-orbit the acrv, and the' b'second one that comes up for logistics re-supply).' b'- a "two fault tolerance capability" is achieved after flights,' b'with the addition of a 2nd power module, another thermal' b'control system radiator, and more propulsion modules.' b'- after flights, the internationals are on-board. more power,' b'the habitation module, and an acrv are added to finish the' b'assembly in flights.' b'' b'most of the systems currently on ssf are used as-is in this option,' b'with the exception of the data management system, which has major' b'changes.' b'' b'option c single core launch station.' b'this is the jsc lead option. basically, you take a ft diameter' b"cylinder that's ft long, slap space shuttle main engines on" b'the backside, put a nose cone on the top, attached it to a' b'regular shuttle external tank and a regular set of solid rocket' b'motors, and launch the can. some key features are:' b'- complete end-to-end ground integration and checkout' b'- tangentially mounted fixed solar panels' b'- body mounted radiators (which adds protection against' b'micrometeroid orbital debris)' b'- centerline docking ports (one on each end)' b'- berthing ports' b'- a single pressurized volume, approximately cubic feet' b'(twice the volume of skylab).' b'- floors, center passageway between floors' b'- kw of housekeeping power' b'- graceful degradation with failures power channels, thermal' b'loops, dual environmental control life support system)' b'- increased crew time for utilization' b'- micro-g thru out the core module' 