b'' b'' b' what evidence indicates that gamma ray bursters are very far away?' b'' b'given the enormous power, i was just wondering, what if they are' b'quantum black holes or something like that fairly close by?' b'' b'why would they have to be at galactic ranges?' b'' b'gamma ray bursts (grbs) are seen coming equally from all directions.' b'however, given the number of bright ones, there are too few faint' b'ones to be consistent with being equally dense for as far' b'as we can see--it is as if they are all contained within' b'a finite sphere (or a sphere with fuzzy edges) with us at the' b'center. (these measurements are statistical, and you can' b'always hide a sufficiently small number of a different' b'type of grb with a different origin in the data. i am assuming' b'that there is only one population of grbs).' b'' b'the data indicates that we are less than of the radius of the center' b'of the distribution. the only things the earth is at the exact center' b'of are the solar system (at the scale of the oort cloud of comets' b'way beyond pluto) and the universe. cosmological theories, placing' b'grbs throughout the universe, require supernova-type energies to' b'be released over a timescale of milliseconds. oort cloud models' b'tend to be silly, even by the standards of astrophysics.' b'' b'if grbs were galactic (i.e. distributed through the milky way galaxy)' b'you would expect them to be either concentrated in the plane of' b"the galaxy (for a 'disk' population), or towards the galactic center" b"(for a spherical 'halo' population). we don't see this, so if they" b'are galactic, they must be in a halo at least light years in' b'radius, and we would probably start to see grbs from the andromeda' b'galaxy (assuming that it has a similar halo.) for comparison, the' b'earth is light-years from the center of the galaxy.' b'' b"my own pet theory is that it's flying saucers entering" b'hyperspace b'' b"the aren't concentrated in the known spacelanes, and we don't" b'see many coming from zeta reticuli and tau ceti.' b'' b'but the reason i am asking is that most everyone assumes that they' b'are colliding nuetron stars or spinning black holes, i just wondered' b'if any mechanism could exist and place them closer in.' b'' b'there are more than grb different models in the refereed literature.' b'right now, the theorists have a sort of unofficial moratorium' b'on new models until new observational evidence comes in.' b'' b'--' 