b'' b' what evidence indicates that gamma ray bursters are very far away?' b'' b' given the enormous power, i was just wondering, what if they are' b' quantum black holes or something like that fairly close by?' b'' b' why would they have to be at galactic ranges?' b'' b" my own pet theory is that it's flying saucers entering" b' hyperspace b'' b' but the reason i am asking is that most everyone assumes that they' b' are colliding nuetron stars or spinning black holes, i just wondered' b' if any mechanism could exist and place them closer in.' b'' b' pat' b'well, lets see....i took a class on this last fall, and i have no' b"notes so i'll try to wing it..." b"here's how i understand it. remember from stellar evolution that" b'black holes and neutron stars(pulsars) are formed from high mass stars,' b'm(star)=1.4m(sun). high mass stars live fast and burn hard, taking' b'appoximately years before going nova, or supernova. in this time,' b"they don't live long enough to get perturbed out of the galactic plane, so any" b"of these (if assumed to be the sources of grb's) will be in the plane of the" b'galaxy.' b'then we take the catalog of bursts that have been recieved from the' b'various satellites around the solar system, (pioneer venus has one, either' b'pion. or ginga, and of course batse) and we do distribution tests on our' b'catalog. these tests all show, that the bursts have an isotropic' b'distribution(evenly spread out in a radial direction), and they show signs of' b'homogeneity, i.e. they do not clump in any one direction. so, unless we are' b'sampling the area inside the disk of the galaxy, we are sampling the universe.' b'not cool, if you want to figure out what the hell caused these things. now, i' b'suppose you are saying, "well, we stil only may be sampling from inside the' b'disk." well, not necessarily. remember, we have what is more or less an' b'interplanetary network of burst detectors with a baseline that goes waaaay out' b'to beyond pluto(pioneer so we should be able, with all of our detectors de' b"tect some sort of difference in angle from satellite to satellite. here's an" b'analogy: you see a plane overhead. you measure the angle of the plane from' b'the origin of your arbitrary coordinate system. one of your friends a mile' b'away sees the same plane, and measures the angle from the zero point of his' b'arbitrary system, which is the same as yours. the two angles are different,' b'and you should be able to triangulate the position of your burst, and maybe' b'find a source. to my knowledge, no one has been able to do this.' b"i should throw in why halo, and corona models don't work, also. as i" b'said before, looking at the possible astrophysics of the bursts, (short' b'timescales, high energy) black holes, and pulsars exhibit much of this type of' b'behavior. if this is the case, as i said before, these stars seem to be bound' b'to the disk of the galaxy, especially the most energetic of the these sources.' b'when you look at a simulated model, where the bursts are confined to the disk,' b'but you sample out to large distances, say mpc, you should definitely see' b'not only an anisotropy towards you in all direction, but a clumping of sources' b'in the direction of the galactic center. as i said before, there is none of' b'these characteristics.' b'' b"i think that's all of it...if someone needs clarification, or knows" b"something that i don't know, by all means correct me. i had the honor of" b'taking the bursts class with the person who has done the modeling of these' b'different distributions, so we pretty much kicked around every possible' b'distribution there was, and some very outrageous sources. colliding pulsars,' b"black holes, pulsars that are slowing down...stuff like that. it's a fun" b'field.' b'post here.' b'-jeremy' b'' b'' 