b'' b'' b'' b'from scott fri apr b'received: by igc.apc.org (4.1/revision: b'id aa16121; fri, apr pdt' b'date: fri, apr pdt' b'sender: scott' b'to: cdplist' b'status: r' b'' b'redwood city, ca (api) a tense stand-off entered its third week' b'today as authorities reported no progress in negotiations with' b'charismatic cult leader steve jobs.' b'' b'negotiators are uncertain of the situation inside the compound, but' b'some reports suggest that half of the hundreds of followers inside' b'have been terminated. others claim to be staying of their own free' b"will, but jobs' persuasive manner makes this hard to confirm." b'' b'in conversations with authorities, jobs has given conflicting' b'information on how heavily prepared the group is for war with the' b'industry. at times, he has claimed to "have hardware which will blow' b'anything else away", while more recently he claims they have stopped' b'manufacturing their own.' b'' b'agents from the atf (apple-taligent forces) believe that the group is' b'equipped with serious hardware, including 486-caliber pieces and' b'possibly canon equipment.' b'' b'the siege has attracted a variety of spectators, from the curious to' b'other cultists. some have offered to intercede in negotiations,' b'including a young man who will identify himself only as "bill" and' b'claims to be the "ms-iah".' b'' b'former members of the cult, some only recently deprogrammed, speak' b'hesitantly of their former lives, including being forced to work' b'20-hour days, and subsisting on jolt and twinkies. there were' b'frequent lectures in which they were indoctrinated into a theory of' b'"interpersonal computing" which rejects traditional roles.' b'' b'late-night vigils on chesapeake drive are taking their toll on' b'federal marshals. loud rock and roll, mostly talking heads, blares' b'throughout the night. some fear that jobs will fulfill his own' b'apocalyptic prophecies, a worry reinforced when the loudspeakers' b'carry jobs\' own speeches typically beginning with a chilling "i' b'want to welcome you to the \'next world\' b'' b'- b'roland j. schemers iii networking systems' b'systems programmer g16 redwood hall b'distributed computing group stanford, ca b'' b'' 