b'' b'' b'what evidence indicates that gamma ray bursters are very far away?' b'' b'their distribution is very isotropic and the intensity distribution,' b"crudely speaking, indicates we're seeing an edge to the distribution." b'' b'given the enormous power, i was just wondering, what if they are' b'quantum black holes or something like that fairly close by?' b'' b'why would they have to be at galactic ranges?' b'' b'now, in the good old days before gro data, it was thought the' b'gamma bursters were neutron stars in the galaxy, it was expected that' b'gro would confirm this by either showing they were a local population' b'(within a few hundred light years) or that they were in the galactic' b'halo. (mechanism was not known but several plausible ones existed)' b'(also to be fair it was noted that the _brightest_ burster was' b'probably in the lmc, suggesting theorists might be wrong back then...)' b'as the sun is not at the center of the galaxy a halo' b'population should show anisotropy (a local disk population is' b'ruled out completely at this stage) to avoid the anisotropy you' b'have to push the halo out, the energy then gets large, the mechanism' b'of getting ns out that far becomes questionable, and we should start' b"to see for example the andromeda's bursters." b'the data is consistent with either a oort cloud distribution' b'(but only just) but no one can think of a plausible source with' b'the right spectrum. or, it can be a cosmological distances (hence' b'isotropy) and the edge is "the edge of the universe" b'if at cosmological distances you need very high energy (to detect)' b'and a very compact source (for spectrum), ergo a neutron star' b'colliding with another neutron star or black hole. even then getting' b'the spectrum is very hard, but conceivable.' b'' b'if we know anything about physics at that level,' b'the bursters are not due to quantum black holes or cosmic' b'strings, wrong spectrum for one thing.' b'' b'the situation is further complicated by recent claims that' b'there are two classes of sources [in the colliding ns' b"they'd actually probably fit relatively easily into the" b'ns-ns and ns-bh collision scenarios respectively]' b'' b"my own pet theory is that it's flying saucers entering" b'hyperspace b'' b'but the reason i am asking is that most everyone assumes that they' b'are colliding nuetron stars or spinning black holes, i just wondered' b'if any mechanism could exist and place them closer in.' b'' b'if you can think of one, remember to invite me to stockholm...' b'' b'* steinn sigurdsson \t\t\tlick observatory \t*' b'* the laws of gravity are very,very strict\t\t\t*' b"* and you're just bending them for your own benefit b.b. 