b'' b'introducing the back to the moon in congress:' b'the next step' b'' b'the next key hurdle for the lunar resources data purchase' b'act is introduction of the act in congress. at this point, many' b'congresspersons have been approached about the bill. however,' b'for a successful effort to pass the bill, we need the best' b'possible congressperson to introduce the bill. due to his' b'position as chair of the house committee on space and science,' b'congressman george brown is the logical choice. he has a long' b'record of support and interest in space development, and helped' b'pass the launch services purchase act and the space settlements' b'act.' b'there is a small group of activists in southern california' b'who have assisted george brown in his recent re-election campaigns.' b'we are mobilizing this group to have them tell congressman brown' b'about the back to the moon bill. we are also asking pro-space' b'constituents to let him know that they care about getting' b'america back to the moon.' b'finally, there is a good chance that a nationwide alert' b'for space activists to call or write george brown to have him' b'introduce the back to the moon bill may be staged during late' b'spring, b"all this should produce a positive reaction from brown's" b'office. as more is known, it will be passed on.' b'however, even if we are successful in getting him to support' b'the bill, this alone will not ensure passage of the bill. for' b'any bill to become law, one of three conditions must exist:' b'either the bill must reflect widespread national support for an' b'issue (such as extension of unemployment insurance benefits); be' b"propelled by high-priced lobbyists (we're out of luck there); or" b'have widespread support within congress, due to small, but' b'widespread, constituent support. the latter is the path that we,' b'by necessity, must choose.' b'this means that the introduction of the lunar resources' b'data purchase act must be immediately accompanied by a large number' b"of congresspersons' sponsorship of the bill. to accomplish" b'this, we need activists to ask their congressperson to support' b'the lunar resources data purchase act now. to wait until the' b'bill is introduced is simply too late it takes time to have a' b"congressperson's staff review a bill." b'if your congressperson mentions that the bill is not yet' b'introduced, please elicit their opinion of the bill as currently' b'written. we appreciate all comments on the bill from activists' b'and politicians.' b'if you have yet to see the back to the moon bill, please' b'request a copy by email (please include your u.s. postal service' b'address), or contact your local chapter of the national space' b'society).' b'' b'--- maximus 2.01wb' 