b'' b'the following is what they feed to us..... most has been posted already,' b'but there are a number of items not seen here yet.....' b'' b'redesign activities update following is the weekly status on redesign,' b'based on information provided by nasa headquarters.' b'' b'the station redesign team (srt) provided a detailed status report to the' b'advisory committee on the redesign of the space station on april the' b'day-long meeting was held in anser facilities in crystal city, va; topics' b'covered by the srt included a preliminary mission and goals statement for' b'the space station; science, technology and engineering research; the' b'assessment process; and the design approach. discussions on management' b'options and operations concepts also were held.' b'' b'the design teams then presented the three options under study:' b'' b'\xa5 option a modular buildup pete priest presented the a option. priest' b'said the team is working to define a station that meets cost goals and has' b'identified three distinct phases of evolution power station, human tended' b'and permanent presence. the team will define the minimum capability needed' b'to achieve each phase, the total cost of each phase and the achievable' b'capability for budget levels. the a option uses current or simplified' b'freedom hardware where cost effective and is considering other existing' b'systems such as the so-called "bus-1 spacecraft," the orbiter and spacelab.' b'' b'the power station capability could be achieved in flights with freedom' b'photo voltaic modules providing kw of power. 30-day shuttle/spacelab' b'missions docked to the power station are assumed for this phase.' b'' b'human tended capability would be provided by the addition of the u.s.' b'common module module which adds subsystems and payload racks and docking' b'ports for esa and japanese laboratories. 60-day missions with the orbiter' b'docked to the station are assumed for this phase. different' b'operation/utilization modes are being studied for this phase.' b'' b'\xa5 option b freedom derived mike griffin presented the status of option' b'b activities. griffin detailed the evolution of the freedom-derived option,' b'from initial research capability, to human-tended capability, to permanent' b'human presence capability, to two fault tolerance, and finally permanent' b'human capability. griffin also outlined proposed systems changes to the' b'baseline program, with minor changes to the communications and tracking' b'system, crew health care system and eclss, and a major change to the data' b'management system.' b'' b'initial research capability would be achieved with flights to degree' b'inclination flights to degrees) and consist of an extended duration' b'orbiter-spacelab combination docked to a truss segment with photo voltaic' b'arrays providing kw of power.' b'' b'human-tended capability would be achieved in flights and add truss' b'segments and the u.s. lab.' b'' b'permanent human presence capability would be achieved in flights with two' b'orbiters providing habitation and assured crew return.' b'' b'two fault tolerance, achieved in flights, would build out the other' b'section of truss with another set of pv modules, thermal control and' b'propulsion systems.' b'' b'the freedom derived configuration could achieve an international complete' b'state with flights. three more flights, to bring up the habitat module,' b'a third pv array and two assured crew return vehicles (acrv) would complete' b'the permanent human capability with international stage.' b'' b'griffin told the redesign advisory committee that eliminating hardware' b'would not, by itself, meet budget guidelines for the freedom derived' b'option. major reductions or deferrals must occur in other areas including' b'program management, contractor non-hardware, early utilization and' b'operations costs, he said.' b'' b'\xa5 option c singe launch core station chet vaughn presented option c,' b'the single launch core station concept. a shuttle external tank and solid' b'rocket boosters would be used to launch the station into orbit. shuttle' b'main engines would be mounted to the tail of the station module for launch' b'and jettisoned after et separation.' b'' b'the module, feet in diameter and feet long, would provide b'cubic feet of pressured volume, separated into "decks" connected by a' b'centralized passageway. seven berthing ports would be located at various' b'places on the circumference of the module to place the international' b'modules, and other elements. this "can" would have two fixed photo voltaic' b'arrays producing approximately kw of power flying in a solar interial' b'attitude.' b'' b"in his closing comments to the redesign advisory committee, bryan o'connor" b'said a design freeze would be established for the options on april so' b'that detailed costing of the options can begin. the next meeting with the' b'redesign advisory committee will be may b'' b'russian consultants arrive in u.s. a delegation of russian space' b'experts arrived in the u.s. on april and briefings to the srt by members' b'of the russian team began on the 22nd. the group includes russian space' b'agency general director y. m. koptev, and v. a. yatsenko, also of the rsa.' b'others on the team include representatives from the ministry of defense,' b'the design bureau salyut, the institute of biomedical problems, the' b'ministry of foreign affairs, npo energia and tsnijmash. the russian team' b'briefed the srt on environmental control and life support system, docking' b'systems, the proton launch vehicle, mir operations and utilization, and the' b'soyuz tm spacecraft.' b'' b'the russian consultants are available to the srt to assess the capabilities' b'of the mir space station, and the possible use of mir and other russian' b'capabilities and systems as part of the space station redesign. they will' b'be available to the srt through may b'' b'management and operations review continues work continued in the srt' b'subgroups. the management group under dr. walt brooks is working to' b'develop a family of options that solve the current problems and build a' b'foundation for the transition to development and operations. various' b'management options have been developed including:' b'' b'\xa5 lead center with the center director in the programmatic chain of' b'command.' b'' b'\xa5 host center with the program manager reporting directly to an associate' b'administrator.' b'' b'\xa5 skunk works/dedicated program office with a small dedicated co-located' b'hand-picked program office.' b'' b'\xa5 combine space station with shuttle, with the space station becoming an' b'element of the current program.' b'' b'\xa5 major tune up to current organization, with current contracts and' b'geographical distribution maintained but streamlined.' b'' b'the operations group under dr. john cox is building on the work of the' b'operations phase assessment team lead by gene kranz of nasa-jsc, which had' b'already begun a comprehensive review of operations and had concluded in its' b'preliminary results that significant cost reductions are possible.' b'' b'as part of its work, the operations group has identified teams of agency' b'experts to develop detailed evaluations of each design in the areas of' b'assembly and operations, utilization, maintenance and logistics and testing' b'and ground operations.' b'' b"what's in the week ahead? the design support teams will provide a" b'comprehensive status of their option to the station redesign team on monday' b'and tuesday at which point the design will be "frozen" to begin the' b'detailed cost assessment. also this week, the team will begin preparing' b'for the next round of discussions with the redesign advisory committee, to' b'be held may b'' b'dr. shea steps down dr. joe shea stepped down as director of the' b"station redesign team on april and bryan o'connor will take over the" b'activities of the team. dr. shea submitted his resignation as assistant' b'deputy administrator for space station analysis, but will continue to serve' b'as a special advisory to nasa administrator goldin and be available to' b'consult with the srt. mr goldin accepted the resignation so that a request' b'from dr. shea to reduce his workload could be accommodated.' b'' b'key milestones the key dates for the srt as they are currently being' b'carried on the schedule are:' b'' b'april b'design freeze on options for costing' b'' b'april b'design support team present selected options to srt' b'' b'may b'status report to redesign advisory committee' b'' b'may b'interim report by redesign advisory committee' b'' b'june b'final report to redesign advisory committee' b'' b'' b'(oct. 31-cancellation .....just my opinion...ac)' b'' 