b'' b'' b'yesterday, i went to the boeing shareholders meeting. it was a bit shorter' b'than i expected. last year (when the stock was first down), they made a big' b'presentation on the and other programs. this year, it was much more' b'bare-bones.' b'' b'in any case, i wanted to ask a question that the board of directors would' b"hear, and so i got there early, and figured that if i didn't get to the mike," b'maybe they would read mine off of a card, and so i wrote it down, and handed it' b'in.' b'' b'after the meeting started, mr. shrontz said that he would only answer written' b'questions, in order to be fair to the people in the overflow room that only' b'had monitors downstairs. naturally, i was crushed.' b'' b'so, when question and answer time came, i was suprised to find my question' b'being read and answered. admittedly near the end of the ones that he took.' b'presumably getting there early, and getting the question in early made all' b'the difference.' b'' b'so, on to the substance. the question was' b'' b'is boeing looking at anything beyond the high speed civil transport, such' b'as a commercial space launch system, and if not, how will boeing compete' b'with the reusable single stage to orbit technology presently being developed' b'by mcdonnell douglass?' b'' b'well, he read it without a hitch, and without editing, with impressed me,' b'then he answered it very quickly treating it as a two part question, last' b'part first.' b'' b'this is to the best of my recollection what he said.' b'' b'as far as single stage to orbit technology, we think that we have a better' b'answer in a two stage approach, and we are talking to some of our customers' b'about that. as far as commercialization, that is a long ways off. the high' b'speed civil transport is about as far out as our commercial planning goes at' b'this point.' b'' b'so, this tells me that boeing still considers space to be a non-commercial' b'arena, and for the most part this is true, however it also tells me that' b'they consider there to be enough money in building space launchers for them' b'to persue work on their own.' b'' b'now, i do have a friend on the spacelifter program at boeing. actually,' b'this is a mis-nomer, as there is no spacelifter contract for the work that this' b'guy is doing, however, he is doing work in preparation of a proposal for space' b"lifter contracts. he won't tell me what he is doing, but maybe this is where" b'the tsto action is taking place at boeing. at the very minimum, the chairman' b'of the board of boeing said that they have an approach in mind, and they are' b'trying to do something with it.' b'' b'anybody know anything further?' b'is this really news?' b'does this threaten further work on dc-? b'' b'john.' 