b'' b'' b"only if he doesn't spend more than a billion dollars doing it, since the" b'prize is not going to be scaled up to match the level of effort. you can' b'spend a billion pretty quickly buying titan launches.' b'' b"fine. i'll buy from george. georgeee!!!!" b'' b"that assumes i can't weasel out a cooperative venture of some sort (cut me a" b"break on the launcher, i'll cut you in on the proceeds if it works). only the" b'government pays higher-than-list price.' b'' b"what's more, if you buy titans, the prize money is your entire return on" b'investment. if you develop a new launch system, it has other uses, and' b'the prize is just the icing on the cake.' b'' b"unless you're martin marietta, since (as i recall) they bought out the gd line" b'of aerospace products.' b'' b'if mm/gd does it as an in-house project, their costs would look much better' b'than buying at "list price." does anyone really know the profit margins built' b"in to the titan? c'mon. allen is telling us how cheap we can get improved this" b'or that...' b'' b'i doubt very much that a billion-dollar prize is going to show enough' b'return to justify the investment if you are constrained to use current' b'us launchers.' b'' b'oh please. how much of a profit do you want? pulling million after' b"all is said and done wouldn't be too shabby. not to mention the other goodies" b"i'll collect in:" b'' b'a) movie tv rights (say million conservatively)' b'b) advertising ("look mommie, they\'re drinking coke!")' b'c) intangibles\t (name recognization, experience data' b'acculumated)' b'' b"you're going to *have* to invest your front money in building a new launch" b'system rather than pissing it away on existing ones. being there first is' b'of no importance if you go bankrupt doing it.' b'' b'if you want lean, fine. a million prize would be more than adequate for a' b'prize.' b'' b'maybe wales would be kind enough to define what a company would consider' b'a decent profit.' b'' b"if you want r&d done, you'll have to write in r&d clauses. i suppose you could" b'make it a sbir set-aside b'' b'' b'' b"software engineering? that's like military intelligence, isn't it?" 