b'' b'' b'' b'(book review):' b'' b'' b'"the universe of motion", by dewey b. larson, north' b'pacific publishers, portland, oregon, pages, indexed,' b'hardcover.' b'' b'' b'"the universe of motion" contains final solutions to' b'most all astrophysical mysteries.' b'' b'this book is volume iii of a revised and enlarged' b'edition of "the structure of the physical universe", b'volume i is "nothing but motion" and volume ii is' b'"the basic properties of matter" b'' b'most books and journal articles on the subject of' b'astrophysics are bristling with integrals, partial' b'differentials, and other fancy mathematics. in this book, by' b'contrast, mathematics is conspicuous by its absence, except' b'for some relatively simple formulas imbedded in the text.' b'larson emphasizes concepts and declares that mathematical' b'agreement with a theory does not guarantee its conceptual' b'validity.' b'' b'dewey b. larson was a retired engineer with a bachelor' b'of science degree in engineering science from oregon state' b'university. he developed the theory described in his books' b'while trying to find a way to mathematically calculate the' b'properties of chemical compounds based only on the elements' b'they contain.' b'' b'"the universe of motion" describes the astrophysical' b"portions of larson's consistent, integrated, comprehensive," b'general unified theory of the physical universe, a kind of' b'"grand unified field theory" that orthodox physicists and' b'astro-physicists claim to be looking for. it is built on two' b'postulates about the physical and mathematical nature of' b'space and time:' b'' b'(1) the physical universe is composed entirely of one' b'component, motion, existing in three dimensions, in discrete' b'units, and with two reciprocal aspects, space and time.' b'' b'(2) the physical universe conforms to the relations of' b'ordinary commutative mathematics, its primary magnitudes are' b'absolute, and its geometry is euclidean.' b'' b'from these two postulates, larson was able to build a' b'complete theoretical universe, from photons and subatomic' b'particles to the giant elliptical galaxies, by combining the' b'concept of inward and outward scalar motions with' b'translational, vibrational, rotational, and rotational-' b'vibrational motions. at each step in the development, he was' b'able to match parts of his theoretical universe with' b'corresponding parts in the real physical universe, including' b'even things not yet discovered. for example, in his b'book, he first predicted the existence of exploding galaxies,' b'several years before astronomers started finding them. they' b'are a necessary consequence of his comprehensive theory. and' b'when quasars were discovered, he had a related explanation' b'ready for those also.' b'' b'as a result of his theory, which he called "the' b'reciprocal system", larson totally rejected many of the' b'sacred doctrines of orthodox physicists and astrophysicists,' b'including black holes, neutron stars, degenerate matter,' b'quantum wave mechanics (as applied to atomic structure),' b'"nuclear" physics, general relativity, relativistic mass' b'increases, relativistic doppler shifts, nuclear fusion in' b'stars, and the big bang, all of which he considered to be' b'nothing more than mathematical fantasies. he was very' b'critical of the ad hoc assumptions, uncertainty principles,' b'solutions in principle, "no other way" declarations, etc.,' b'used to maintain them.' b'' b'"the universe of motion" is divided into chapters.' b'it begins with a description of how galaxies are built from' b'the gravitational attraction between globular star clusters,' b'which are formed from intergalactic gas and dust clouds that' b'accumulate from the decay products of cosmic rays coming in' b'from the anti-matter half of the physical universe. (galaxy' b'formation from the mythical "big bang" is a big mystery to' b'orthodox astronomers.) he then goes on to describe life' b'cycles of stars and how binary and multiple star systems and' b'solar systems result from type i supernova explosions of' b'single stars.' b'' b'several chapters are devoted to quasars which, according' b'to larson, are densely-packed clusters of stars that have' b'been ejected from the central bulges of exploding galaxies' b'and are actually traveling faster than the speed of light' b'(although most of that speed is away from us in time).' b'' b'astronomers and astrophysicists who run up against' b'observations that contradict their theories would find' b"larson's explanations quite valuable if considered with an" b'open mind. for example, they used to believe that gamma ray' b'bursts originated from pulsars, which exist primarily in the' b'plane or central bulge of our galaxy. but the new gamma ray' b'telescope in earth orbit observed that the bursts come from' b'all directions uniformly and do not correspond with any' b'visible objects, (except for a few cases of directional' b"coincidence). larson's explanation is that the gamma ray" b'bursts originate from supernova explosions in the anti-matter' b'half of the physical universe, which larson calls the "cosmic' b'sector". because the anti-matter universe exists in a' b'reciprocal relation to our material universe, with the speed' b'of light as the boundary between them, and has three' b'dimensions of time and only one dimension of space, the' b'bursts can pop into our material universe anywhere seemingly' b'at random.' b'' b'larson heavily quotes or paraphrases statements from' b'books, journal articles, and leading physicists and' b'astronomers. in this book, of them are superscripted' b'with numbers identifying entries in the reference list at the' b'end of the book. for example, a quote from the book' b'"astronomy: the cosmic journey", by william k. hartmann,' b'says, "our hopes of understanding all stars would brighten if' b'we could explain exactly how binary and multiple stars' b'form.... unfortunately we cannot." larson\'s book contains' b'logical consistent explanations of such mysteries that are' b'worthy of serious consideration by all physicists,' b'astronomers, and astrophysicists.' b'' b'' b'for more information, answers to your questions, etc.,' b"please consult my cited sources (larson's books)." b'' b'' b'un-altered reproduction and dissemination of this' b'important book review is encouraged.' b'' b'' b'robert e. mcelwaine' b'b.s., physics and astronomy, uw-ec' b'' b'' 