b'' b'mike adams suggested discussions on long-term effects of spaceflight' b'to the human being. i love this topic, as some of you regulars know.' b'' b"so, having seen henry's encouraging statement about starting to talk" b'about it; i shall.' b'' b'i feel that we as a community of people have unique resources' b'to deliver to the world a comprehensive book which can elaborate' b'on the utility of spaceflight to fields which are as divergent' b'as medical intensive care, agriculture, environmental protection, and' b'probably more. i do not believe that the general public understands' b'the impact of spaceflight on the whole of society. in the absence' b"of such knowledge, we see dwindling support of the world's space effort." b'' b'i believe that we as a group have the responsibility to not only' b'communicate amongst ourselves, but also with others through print media.' b'' b'a well-orchestrated and technically oriented analysis of life science' b'variables required to support long-duration spaceflight (like long' b'expenditions to the moon or mars) would be entertaining and educational' b'to the general public. the objective of such an effort would be to' b'compile resources and publications from accepted scientific and technical' b'journals which would address each major life science area. in addition,' b'ideas for further research and development could be put forward for' b'the general public to ponder...allowing the general public to take' b'part in the excitement of exploration.' b'' b'individuals interested should be willing to devote an hour per week' b'to running literature searches and finding journal articles. in addition,' b'we need to obtain the assistance of personnel from within the halls' b'of nasa and industry.' b'' b'i have appreciated the positive responses to date and i am personally' b'eager to start this project. perhaps we could start with debate regarding' b'how best to grade the viability of various technologies for application' b'to spaceflight.' b'' b'ken' 