b'' b'' b'this does not propose a _mechanism_ for grbs in the oort (and, no,' b'anti-matter annihilation does not fit the spectra at least as far' b'as i understand annihilation spectra...). big difference.' b"that's ignoring the question of how you fit a distribution" b'to the oort distribution when the oort distribution is not well' b'known in particular comet aphelia (which are not well known)' b'are not a good measure of the oort cloud distribution...' b'' b'merging neutron stars is at least a mechanism with about the right' b"energy, except it doesn't explain why there is no apparent correlation" b'with galaxies or galaxy structure, there is no mechanism for getting' b'all the energy out in gamma rays (with any significant amount of' b'baryons around there will be a lot of pair production, which makes a' b'plasma, which thermalizes the energy), it has trouble generating' b'enough energy to explain the most powerful bursts ergs), it' b'happens too fast compared to the burst duration, and it is hard to' b'make tight-binaries of neutron stars.' b'' b'another cosmological mechinism is the catalytic conversion of a' b'neutron star to a strange star or the merger of two strange stars, but' b'that uses pretty far-out physics.' b'' b"my point is that we don't have a good mechanism at any distance, so" b"grb's are likely to be happening by an unknown mechanism, so we can't" b'rule out the oort cloud. what would be the spectrum of an event which' b'converts a comet to strange matter? the spectra for primordial black' b'holes eating comets and antimatter comets colliding with matter comets' b"aren't quite right, but perhaps there is an unusual mechanism which" b'modifies the spectrum. the energy matches very well for both of these' b'mechanisms. according to trevor weeks, if the "tunguska meteorite"' b'was a mini-black hole collision with the earth, then there are likely' b'to be enough mini-black holes around that the rate for bh-comet' b'collisions matches the grb rate well.' b'' b"the fact that we don't know the distribution of comets in the oort" b"cloud isn't a reason to rule them out; it makes it harder to rule them" b'out. the point of the cited paper was that if we assume they got the' b'right distribution for the oort cloud, it is hard but not impossible' b"to match that up with the distribution of grb's. if they got the" b"wrong distribution for the oort cloud, they can't constrain any oort-" b"cloud grb's at all." b'' b"executive summary: we don't know enough to rule out out the oort" b'cloud.' 