b'' b'writes in response to michael adams post:' b'i vote for a later on sci.space.medicine or similar newsgroup fro the' b'discussion of long term missions into space and there affects on humans and' b'such..- adams' b'' b'why bother with a new newsgroup? if you want to discuss the subject,' b'*start discussing it*. if there is enough traffic to annoy the rest of' b'us, we will let you know... and *then* it will be time for a new newsgroup.' b'' b'well, here goes.' b'' b'the first item of business is to establish the importance space life' b'sciences in the whole of scheme of humankind. i mean compared' b"to football and baseball, the average joe schmoe doesn't seem interested" b'or even curious about spaceflight. i think that this forum can' b'make a major change in that lack of insight and education.' b'' b'all of us, in our own way, can contribute to a comprehensive document' b'which can be released to the general public around the world. the' b'document would scientifically analyze the technical aspects of long' b'term human habitation in space.' b'' b'i believe that if any long-term space exploration program is to' b'succeed we need to basically learn how to engineer our own microworld' b'(i.e. the spacecraft). only through the careful analyses of engineering,' b'chemical, biological, and medical factors will a good ecosystem be created' b'to facilitate human life on a long-duration flight.' b'' b'so, i would like to see posts of opinions regarding the most objective' b'methods to analyze the accepted scientific literature for technologies' b'which can be applied to long-duration spaceflight. such a detailed' b'literature search would be of interest to ourselves as space advocates' b'and clearly important to existing space programs.' b'' b'in essence, we would be dividing the space life science issues into' b'various technical problems which could be solved with various technologies.' b'this database of acceptable solutions to various problems could form the' b'basis of detailed discussions involving people from the bionet, isunet,' b'and any other source!' b'' b"i'm eager to hear your comments and see posts on this thread." 