b'' b'' b'' b'_the_ problem with oort cloud sources is that absolutely' b'no plausible mechanism has been proposed. it would have' b'to involve new physics as far as i can tell. closest to' b'"conventional" oort sources is a model of b-field pinching' b"by comets, it's got too many holes in it to count, but at" b'least it was a good try...' b'' b"so you have a plausible model for grb's at astronomical distances?" b'' b"i don't have any plausible models for grbs at any distances b'' b'recent observations have just about ruled out the merging neutron star' b'hypothesis, which had a lot of problems, anyhow. we have to look for' b'implausible models and what is fundamentally allowed independent of' b'models.' b'' b'hmm, the "superbowl" burst has been claimed in press releases' b"to cast doubt on the merging ns hypothesis, from what i've read" b"(and i haven't seen the papers, only the press) i'd say it is" b'consistent with some of the merging ns models' b'' b"a paper on the possibility of grb's in the oort cloud just came" b'through the astrophysics abstract service. to get a copy of this' b'' b'here is the abstract of that paper.' b'' b'...' b'indicator to these events all possible sources which are' b'isotropically distributed should remain under consideration. this is' b'why the oort cloud of comets is kept on the list,' b'although there is no known mechanism for generating \\grbs' b'from cometary nuclei. unlikely as it may seem, the possibility that \\grbs' b'originate in the solar cometary cloud' b'cannot be excluded until it is disproved.' b'' b'this does not propose a _mechanism_ for grbs in the oort (and, no,' b'anti-matter annihilation does not fit the spectra at least as far' b'as i understand annihilation spectra...). big difference.' b"that's ignoring the question of how you fit a distribution" b'to the oort distribution when the oort distribution is not well' b'known in particular comet aphelia (which are not well known)' b'are not a good measure of the oort cloud distribution...' b'' b'' b'* steinn sigurdsson \t\t\tlick observatory \t*' b'* the laws of gravity are very,very strict\t\t\t*' b"* and you're just bending them for your own benefit b.b. 