b'' b'(sci.space readers can skip the first paragraph)' b'' b"yesterday, in response to henry spencer's question about the" b'temperature of a blackbody in interstellar space, i said "dust grains' b'acts as blackbodies, and they\'re at k." well, i was dead' b'wrong. our local interstellar dust expert, bruce draine, has' b"informed me that dust grains _aren't_ good radiators in the far ir," b'which is why they are so warm; actually, the ambient radiation field' b'from distant stars can bring a true blackbody to only or kelvin.' b'sorry, henry, and anyone else i misled. obviously, time for me to' b'take another ism class b'' b'in other news, alan stern of the southwest research institute gave' b'a talk on the pluto-charon binary system yesterday. he gave a brief' b'overview of the currently-accepted system parameters (volume ratio of' b'about mass ratio about or so, plus lots more...) and then' b'gave his thoughts on the formation of pluto-charon. his idea is' b'that there were lots and lots of small planetesimals in the outer' b'solar system, with masses distributed as a power law of some kind;' b'over time, the planetesimals accreted into larger bodies. most got' b'scattered out of the solar system by close encounters with jupiter' b'and saturn, but many accreted into the gas giants, especially' b'uranus and neptune. a large planetesimal was captured by neptune b'we call it triton [captured how? perhaps by a collision with a smaller,' b'already-existing neptunian moon, perhaps by a very close passage through' b"neptune's atmosphere mondo aerobraking!]." b'' b'he notes that the two recently discovered "kuiper belt" objects,' b'1992 qb1 and fw, plus chiron and pholus, are all about the same' b'mass, and he identifies this group as one-accretion-down from the' b'larger bodies of triton and pluto/charon. pluto/charon, he thinks,' b'formed when an impacting body hit proto-pluto, knocking some material' b'into a ring around pluto which later accreted in charon; similar to' b"ideas about the formation of earth's moon. there is good evidence" b'from spectra that the surfaces of pluto and charon are very different' b"(pluto has methane frost, charon doesn't), which can be used as evidence" b'for the impact theory.' b'' b'he believes that there may be around pluto-to-chiron-sized objects' b"remaining in a relatively stable dynamical zone just outside neptune's" b'orbit, beyond au or so. qb1 and fw are the first members' b'of this population to be found, in his model. note that such bodies' b'will be very dark, since if their surfaces are covered with methane' b'frost, it will have photolyzed into very dark, long-chain hydrocarbons' b'by now. the reason that pluto has such a high albedo (around i think)' b'is that its surface warms up just enough around perihelion to sublimate,' b'and when the atmosphere freezes out again, thirty years later, it forms' b'bright, new frost. so any bodies much farther away than au are going' b'to be very hard to see.' b'' b"i hope i haven't made any errors in the transcription; if you see" b"a howling mistake, it's undoubtedly mine, not his." b'' b"by the way, he's one of the top guns behind the pluto fast flyby" b'mission (i think), and said that the current plans are to use a' b'titan to send the probe on "just about a rectilinear trajectory"' b"to pluto (we were speaking loosely at the time...). he'd like" b'to use a proton, which gives a slightly smaller velocity but costs' b'much less. his figures: million for titan launches (there' b'will be two separate probes, launched separately), or million' b'for proton launches. he told a story about how the soviets originally' b'offered to sell proton launches for million each, but were forced' b'to increase their prices in the us in order to be allowed in the' b'marketplace.' b'' b"i'm just telling you what he said." b'' b'michael' b'' b'--' b'----- michael richmond' b'' 