b'' b'forwarded from neal ausman, galileo mission director' b'' b'galileo' b'mission director status report' b'post-launch' b'april b'' b'spacecraft' b'' b'1. on april and delta differenced one-way range (dor) passes were' b'performed over dss-14/63 (goldstone/madrid meter antennas) and dss-14/43' b'(goldstone/canberra meter antennas), respectively. initial results' b'indicate the delta dor pass on april was unsuccessful due to ground' b'station hardware problems but the one on april was successfully performed.' b'' b'2. on april a cruise science memory readout (mro) was performed for the' b'magnetometer (mag) instrument. analysis indicates the data was received' b'properly.' b'' b'3. on april the spare power relay contacts were commanded closed via the' b'spacecraft stored sequence. these relays were commanded closed by the cds' b'(command data subsystem) prior to launch and were again commanded closed to' b'preclude the possibility at jupiter of the pps relays/wiring being a' b'source of internal electrostatic charge (iesd).' b'' b'4. on april cruise science memory readouts (mro) were performed for the' b'extreme ultraviolet spectrometer (euv), dust detector (dds), and magnetometer' b'(mag) instruments. preliminary analysis indicates the data was received' b'properly.' b'' b'5. during the period from april to april a navigation cycle was' b'performed. this navigation cycle provided near-continuous acquisition of' b'two-way doppler and ranging data during three consecutive passes of the' b'spacecraft over dss-63, dss-14, and dss-43.' b'' b'6. on april real-time commands were sent to test slew the radio relay' b'antenna (rra) in preparation for the mini-sequence slew test on april b'the rra was slewed from approximately degrees from stow to approximately' b'20.3 degrees. preliminary analysis indicated the antenna slewed to about b'degrees which was well within the predicted range. the rra was commanded back' b'to approximately degrees from stow. preliminary analysis indicated the' b'antenna reached about degrees also well within the predicted range. the' b'rra motor temperature was at degree c at the start of the activity and had' b'increased to degrees c at its completion.' b'' b'after verifying proper rra slewing, the rra slew test mini-sequence was' b'uplinked to the spacecraft for execution on april upon successful uplink,' b'a delayed action command (dac) was sent which will reposition the stator on' b'may to its initial pre-test position. also, a dac was sent to turn the' b'two-way noncoherent (twnc) on april prior to the start of the rra slew test' b'mini-sequence.' b'' b'7. on april a no-op command was sent to reset the command loss timer to' b'264 hours, its planned value during this mission phase.' b'' b'8. on april the rra slew test executed nominally. the spacecraft under' b'stored sequence control performed six rra slews starting at about degrees' b'from stow and going to degrees, back to degrees, then to degrees,' b'back to degrees, then to degrees and then back to degrees. all of' b'the slews were well within the predicted range. the rra motor temperature was' b'at degrees c at the start of the activity and had increased to b'degrees c at its completion. after completion of the rra slews, real-time' b'commands were sent to reconfigure back to the pre-test configuration.' b'' b'9. the ac/dc bus imbalance measurements have not exhibited significant change' b'(greater than dn) throughout this period. the ac measurement reads dn' b'(3.9 volts). the dc measurement reads dn volts). these' b'measurements are consistent with the model developed by the ac/dc special' b'anomaly team.' b'' b'10. the spacecraft status as of april is as follows:' b'' b'a) system power margin watts' b'b) spin configuration dual-spin' b'c) spin rate/sensor 3.15rpm/star scanner' b'd) spacecraft attitude is approximately degrees' b'off-sun (lagging) and degrees off-earth (leading)' b'e) downlink telemetry rate/antenna- 40bps(coded)/lga-1' b'f) general thermal control all temperatures within' b'acceptable range' b'g) rpm tank pressures all within acceptable range' b'h) orbiter science- instruments powered on are the pws,' b'euv, uvs, epd, mag, hic, and dds' b'i) probe/rrh powered off, temperatures within' b'acceptable range' b'j) cmd loss timer setting hours' b'time to initiation hours' b'' b'' b'gds (ground data systems):' b'' b'1. the first galileo-gds test of the mgds v18.0 command system (cmd) took' b'place april with dss-61 (madrid meter antenna). the test went' b'well and demonstrated that the new command system interfaced with the new dsn' b'(deep space network) group command processor assembly (cpa). the test was' b'successful and the next test for v18.0 cmd is scheduled for may with' b'dss-15 (goldstone meter antenna).' b'' b'2. the april system engineers monthly report(semr)/ground system development' b'office (gsdo) mmr was conducted thursday, april a review of current' b'project and institutional (dsn and moso) system status was conducted. on-going' b'cruise development plus the gsdo phase and delivery schedules, past months' b'accomplishments and potential problem areas were discussed. no significant' b'schedule changes or significant problems were reported.' b'' b'' b'trajectory' b'' b'as of noon thursday, april the galileo spacecraft trajectory' b'status was as follows:' b'' b'distance from earth km au)' b'distance from sun km au)' b'heliocentric speed km per hour' b'distance from jupiter km' b'round trip light time minutes, seconds' b'' b'special topic' b'' b'1. as of april a total of real-time commands have been' b'transmitted to galileo since launch. of these, were initiated in the' b'sequence design process and initiated in the real-time command process.' b'in the past week, real time commands were transmitted: were initiated' b'in the sequence design process and one initiated in the real time command' b'process. major command activities included commands to perform the initial' b'rra slew test, uplink the rra slew test mini-sequence, dacs to reposition the' b'stator and turn the twnc on, reset the command loss timer, and execute the' b'rra slew test.' b'___ b'| jet propulsion lab b'___| m/s telos the aweto from new zealand' b'/___| pasadena, ca is part caterpillar and' b'|_____|/ part vegetable.' 