b'' b'this file and other text and image files from jpl missions are' b'available from the jpl info public access computer site,' b'reachable by internet via anonymous ftp to pubinfo.jpl.nasa.gov' b'(128.149.6.2); or by dialup modem to up to' b'9600 bits per second, parameters n-8-1.' b'-----------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b'our solar system at a glance' b'' b'information summary' b'pms 010-a (jpl)' b'june b'' b'jpl b'' b'nasa' b'national aeronautics and space administration' b'' b'jet propulsion laboratory' b'california institue of technology' b'pasadena, california' b'' b'' b'for a printed copy of this publication contact the public mail' b'office at the nasa center in your geographic region.' b'' b'' b'' b'introduction' b'' b'from our small world we have gazed upon the cosmic ocean for' b'untold thousands of years. ancient astronomers observed points of' b'light that appeared to move among the stars. they called these' b'objects planets, meaning wanderers, and named them after roman' b'deities jupiter, king of the gods; mars, the god of war;' b'mercury, messenger of the gods; venus, the god of love and' b'beauty, and saturn, father of jupiter and god of agriculture. the' b'stargazers also observed comets with sparkling tails, and meteors' b'or shooting stars apparently falling from the sky.' b'' b'science flourished during the european renaissance.' b'fundamental physical laws governing planetary motion were' b'discovered, and the orbits of the planets around the sun were' b'calculated. in the 17th century, astronomers pointed a new device' b'called the telescope at the heavens and made startling' b'discoveries.' b'' b'but the years since have amounted to a golden age of' b'solar system exploration. advancements in rocketry after world' b"war ii enabled our machines to break the grip of earth's gravity" b'and travel to the moon and to other planets.' b'' b'the united states has sent automated spacecraft, then' b'human-crewed expeditions, to explore the moon. our automated' b'machines have orbited and landed on venus and mars; explored the' b"sun's environment; observed comets, and made close-range surveys" b'while flying past mercury, jupiter, saturn, uranus and neptune.' b'' b'these travelers brought a quantum leap in our knowledge and' b'understanding of the solar system. through the electronic sight' b'and other "senses" of our automated spacecraft, color and' b'complexion have been given to worlds that for centuries appeared' b'to earth-bound eyes as fuzzy disks or indistinct points of light.' b'and dozens of previously unknown objects have been discovered.' b'' b'future historians will likely view these pioneering flights' b'through the solar system as some of the most remarkable' b'achievements of the 20th century.' b'' b'' b'automated spacecraft' b'' b"the national aeronautics and space administration's (nasa's)" b'automated spacecraft for solar system exploration come in many' b'shapes and sizes. while they are designed to fulfill separate and' b'specific mission objectives, the craft share much in common.' b'' b'each spacecraft consists of various scientific instruments' b'selected for a particular mission, supported by basic subsystems' b'for electrical power, trajectory and orientation control, as well' b'as for processing data and communicating with earth.' b'' b'electrical power is required to operate the spacecraft' b'instruments and systems. nasa uses both solar energy from arrays' b'of photovoltaic cells and small nuclear generators to power its' b'solar system missions. rechargeable batteries are employed for' b'backup and supplemental power.' b'' b'imagine that a spacecraft has successfully journeyed' b'millions of miles through space to fly but one time near a' b'planet, only to have its cameras and other sensing instruments' b'pointed the wrong way as it speeds past the target! to help' b'prevent such a mishap, a subsystem of small thrusters is used to' b'control spacecraft.' b'' b'the thrusters are linked with devices that maintain a' b"constant gaze at selected stars. just as earth's early seafarers" b'used the stars to navigate the oceans, spacecraft use stars to' b'maintain their bearings in space. with the subsystem locked onto' b'fixed points of reference, flight controllers can keep a' b"spacecraft's scientific instruments pointed at the target body" b"and the craft's communications antennas pointed toward earth. the" b'thrusters can also be used to fine-tune the flight path and speed' b'of the spacecraft to ensure that a target body is encountered at' b'the planned distance and on the proper trajectory.' b'' b'between and nasa spacecraft were dispatched to' b'study the moon and the solar environment; they also scanned the' b'inner planets other than earth mercury, venus and mars. these' b'three worlds, and our own, are known as the terrestrial planets' b'because they share a solid-rock composition.' b'' b'for the early planetary reconnaissance missions, nasa' b'employed a highly successful series of spacecraft called the' b'mariners. their flights helped shape the planning of later' b'missions. between and seven mariner missions conducted' b'the first surveys of our planetary neighbors in space.' b'' b'all of the mariners used solar panels as their primary power' b'source. the first and the final versions of the spacecraft had' b'two wings covered with photovoltaic cells. other mariners were' b'equipped with four solar panels extending from their octagonal' b'bodies.' b'' b'although the mariners ranged from the mariner venus' b'spacecraft, weighing in at kilograms pounds), to the' b'mariner mars orbiter, weighing in at kilograms b'pounds), their basic design remained quite similar throughout the' b'program. the mariner venus spacecraft, for example, had' b'originally been a backup for the mariner mars flyby. the' b'mariner spacecraft sent to venus and mercury used components' b'left over from the mariner mars orbiter program.' b'' b'in nasa launched pioneer a jupiter spacecraft.' b'interest was shifting to four of the outer planets jupiter,' b'saturn, uranus and neptune giant balls of dense gas quite' b'different from the terrestrial worlds we had already surveyed.' b'' b'four nasa spacecraft in all two pioneers and two voyagers' b'-- were sent in the 1970s to tour the outer regions of our solar' b'system. because of the distances involved, these travelers took' b'anywhere from months to years to reach their destinations.' b'barring faster spacecraft, they will eventually become the first' b"human artifacts to journey to distant stars. because the sun's" b'light becomes so faint in the outer solar system, these travelers' b'do not use solar power but instead operate on electricity' b'generated by heat from the decay of radioisotopes.' b'' b'nasa also developed highly specialized spacecraft to revisit' b'our neighbors mars and venus in the middle and late 1970s. twin' b'viking landers were equipped to serve as seismic and weather' b'stations and as biology laboratories. two advanced orbiters b'descendants of the mariner craft carried the viking landers' b'from earth and then studied martian features from above.' b'' b'two drum-shaped pioneer spacecraft visited venus in b'the pioneer venus orbiter was equipped with a radar instrument' b'that allowed it to "see" through the planet\'s dense cloud cover' b'to study surface features. the pioneer venus multiprobe carried' b'four probes that were dropped through the clouds. the probes and' b'the main body all of which contained scientific instruments b"radioed information about the planet's atmosphere during their" b'descent toward the surface.' b'' b'a new generation of automated spacecraft including' b'magellan, galileo, ulysses, mars observer, the comet' b'rendezvous/asteroid flyby (craf) and cassini is being' b'developed and sent out into the solar system to make detailed' b'examinations that will increase our understanding of our' b'neighborhood and our own planet.' b'' b'' b'the sun' b'' b'a discussion of the objects in the solar system must start' b'with the sun. the sun dwarfs the other bodies, representing' b'approximately percent of all the mass in the solar system;' b'all of the planets, moons, asteroids, comets, dust and gas add up' b'to only about percent. this percent represents the' b"material left over from the sun's formation. one hundred and nine" b"earths would be required to fit across the sun's disk, and its" b'interior could hold over million earths.' b'' b'as a star, the sun generates energy through the process of' b"fusion. the temperature at the sun's core is million degrees" b'celsius million degrees fahrenheit), and the pressure there' b"is billion times earth's air pressure at sea level. the sun's" b'surface temperature of degrees celsius degrees' b'fahrenheit) seems almost chilly compared to its core-temperature.' b'at the solar core, hydrogen can fuse into helium, producing' b'energy. the sun also produces a strong magnetic field and streams' b'of charged particles, both extending far beyond the planets.' b'' b'the sun appears to have been active for billion years' b'and has enough fuel to go on for another five billion years or' b'so. at the end of its life, the sun will start to fuse helium' b'into heavier elements and begin to swell up, ultimately growing' b'so large that it will swallow earth. after a billion years as a' b'"red giant," it will suddenly collapse into a "white dwarf" b'the final end product of a star like ours. it may take a trillion' b'years to cool off completely.' b'' b"many spacecraft have explored the sun's environment, but" b'none have gotten any closer to its surface than approximately' b'two-thirds of the distance from earth to the sun. pioneers b'the pioneer venus orbiter, voyagers and and other spacecraft' b'have all sampled the solar environment. the ulysses spacecraft,' b'launched on october is a joint solar mission of nasa and' b"the european space agency. after using jupiter's gravity to" b"change its trajectory, ulysses will fly over the sun's polar" b'regions during and and will perform a wide range of' b'studies using nine onboard scientific instruments.' b'' b'we are fortunate that the sun is exactly the way it is. if' b'it were different in almost any way, life would almost certainly' b'never have developed on earth.' b'' b'' b'mercury' b'' b'obtaining the first close-up views of mercury was the' b'primary objective of the mariner spacecraft, launched on' b'november from kennedy space center in florida. after a' b'journey of nearly five months, which included a flyby of venus,' b'the spacecraft passed within kilometers miles) of the' b"solar system's innermost planet on march b'' b'until mariner little was known about mercury. even the' b'best telescopic views from earth showed mercury as an indistinct' b'object lacking any surface detail. the planet is so close to the' b'sun that it is usually lost in solar glare. when the planet is' b"visible on earth's horizon just after sunset or before dawn, it" b'is obscured by the haze and dust in our atmosphere. only radar' b"telescopes gave any hint of mercury's surface conditions prior to" b'the voyage of mariner b'' b'the photographs mariner radioed back to earth revealed an' b'ancient, heavily cratered surface, closely resembling our own' b'moon. the pictures also showed huge cliffs crisscrossing the' b"planet. these apparently were created when mercury's interior" b"cooled and shrank, buckling the planet's crust. the cliffs are as" b'high as kilometers miles) and as long as kilometers b'miles).' b'' b'instruments on mariner discovered that mercury has a weak' b'magnetic field and a trace of atmosphere a trillionth the' b"density of earth's atmosphere and composed chiefly of argon, neon" b"and helium. when the planet's orbit takes it closest to the sun," b'surface temperatures range from degrees celsius degrees' b"fahrenheit) on mercury's sunlit side to degrees celsius" b'(-298 degrees fahrenheit) on the dark side. this range in surface' b'temperature degrees celsius degrees fahrenheit) b'is the largest for a single body in the solar system. mercury' b'literally bakes and freezes at the same time.' b'' b'days and nights are long on mercury. the combination of a' b'slow rotation relative to the stars earth days) and a rapid' b'revolution around the sun earth days) means that one mercury' b'solar day takes earth days or two mercury years the time' b'it takes the innermost planet to complete two orbits around the' b'sun!' b'' b'mercury appears to have a crust of light silicate rock like' b'that of earth. scientists believe mercury has a heavy iron-rich' b'core making up slightly less than half of its volume. that would' b"make mercury's core larger, proportionally, than the moon's core" b'or those of any of the planets.' b'' b'after the initial mercury encounter, mariner made two' b'additional flybys on september and march b'before control gas used to orient the spacecraft was exhausted' b'and the mission was concluded. each flyby took place at the same' b'local mercury time when the identical half of the planet was' b'illuminated; as a result, we still have not seen one-half of the' b"planet's surface." b'' b'' b'venus' b'' b'veiled by dense cloud cover, venus our nearest planetary' b'neighbor was the first planet to be explored. the mariner b'spacecraft, launched on august was the first of more' b'than a dozen successful american and soviet missions to study the' b'mysterious planet. as spacecraft flew by or orbited venus,' b"plunged into the atmosphere or gently landed on venus' surface," b'romantic myths and speculations about our neighbor were laid to' b'rest.' b'' b'on december mariner passed within b'kilometers miles) of venus and became the first' b'spacecraft to scan another planet; onboard instruments measured' b'venus for minutes. mariner launched in june flew much' b'closer to the planet. passing within kilometers b"miles) of venus on the second american flyby, mariner 5's" b"instruments measured the planet's magnetic field, ionosphere," b'radiation belts and temperatures. on its way to mercury, mariner' b'10 flew by venus and transmitted ultraviolet pictures to earth' b'showing cloud circulation patterns in the venusian atmosphere.' b'' b'in the spring and summer of two spacecraft were' b'launched to further unravel the mysteries of venus. on december b'of the same year, the pioneer venus orbiter became the first' b'spacecraft placed in orbit around the planet.' b'' b'five days later, the five separate components making up the' b'second spacecraft the pioneer venus multiprobe entered the' b'venusian atmosphere at different locations above the planet. the' b'four small, independent probes and the main body radioed' b'atmospheric data back to earth during their descent toward the' b'surface. although designed to examine the atmosphere, one of the' b'probes survived its impact with the surface and continued to' b'transmit data for another hour.' b'' b'venus resembles earth in size, physical composition and' b'density more closely than any other known planet. however,' b'spacecraft have discovered significant differences as well. for' b"example, venus' rotation (west to east) is retrograde (backward)" b'compared to the east-to-west spin of earth and most of the other' b'planets.' b'' b"approximately percent of venus' atmosphere times as" b"dense as earth's) is carbon dioxide. the principal constituent of" b"earth's atmosphere is nitrogen. venus' atmosphere acts like a" b'greenhouse, permitting solar radiation to reach the surface but' b'trapping the heat that would ordinarily be radiated back into' b"space. as a result, the planet's average surface temperature is" b'482 degrees celsius degrees fahrenheit), hot enough to melt' b'lead.' b'' b'a radio altimeter on the pioneer venus orbiter provided the' b"first means of seeing through the planet's dense cloud cover and" b'determining surface features over almost the entire planet.' b"nasa's magellan spacecraft, launched on may has been in" b'orbit around venus since august the spacecraft uses' b'radar-mapping techniques to provide ultrahigh-resolution images' b'of the surface.' b'' b'magellan has revealed a landscape dominated by volcanic' b'features, faults and impact craters. huge areas of the surface' b'show evidence of multiple periods of lava flooding with flows' b'lying on top of previous ones. an elevated region named ishtar' b'terra is a lava-filled basin as large as the united states. at' b'one end of this plateau sits maxwell montes, a mountain the size' b"of mount everest. scarring the mountain's flank is a" b'100-kilometer (62-mile) wide, 2.5-kilometer (1.5-mile) deep' b'impact crater named cleopatra. (almost all features on venus are' b'named for women; maxwell montes, alpha regio and beta regio are' b'the exceptions.) craters survive on venus for perhaps million' b'years because there is no water and very little wind erosion.' b'' b'extensive fault-line networks cover the planet, probably the' b'result of the same crustal flexing that produces plate tectonics' b'on earth. but on venus the surface temperature is sufficient to' b'weaken the rock, which cracks just about everywhere, preventing' b'the formation of major plates and large earthquake faults like' b'the san andreas fault in california.' b'' b"venus' predominant weather pattern is a high-altitude," b'high-speed circulation of clouds that contain sulfuric acid. at' b'speeds reaching as high as kilometers miles) per hour,' b'the clouds circle the planet in only four earth days. the' b"circulation is in the same direction west to east as venus'" b"slow rotation of earth days, whereas earth's winds blow in" b'both directions west to east and east to west in six' b"alternating bands. venus' atmosphere serves as a simplified" b'laboratory for the study of our weather.' b'' b'' b'earth' b'' b"as viewed from space, our world's distinguishing" b'characteristics are its blue waters, brown and green land masses' b'and white clouds. we are enveloped by an ocean of air consisting' b'of percent nitrogen, percent oxygen and percent other' b'constituents. the only planet in the solar system known to harbor' b'life, earth orbits the sun at an average distance of million' b'kilometers million miles). earth is the third planet from the' b'sun and the fifth largest in the solar system, with a diameter' b'just a few hundred kilometers larger than that of venus.' b'' b"our planet's rapid spin and molten nickel-iron core give" b'rise to an extensive magnetic field, which, along with the' b'atmosphere, shields us from nearly all of the harmful radiation' b"coming from the sun and other stars. earth's atmosphere protects" b'us from meteors as well, most of which burn up before they can' b'strike the surface. active geological processes have left no' b'evidence of the pelting earth almost certainly received soon' b'after it formed about billion years ago. along with the' b'other newly formed planets, it was showered by space debris in' b'the early days of the solar system.' b'' b'from our journeys into space, we have learned much about our' b'home planet. the first american satellite explorer was' b'launched from cape canaveral in florida on january and' b'discovered an intense radiation zone, now called the van allen' b'radiation belts, surrounding earth.' b'' b'since then, other research satellites have revealed that our' b"planet's magnetic field is distorted into a tear-drop shape by" b'the solar wind the stream of charged particles continuously' b"ejected from the sun. we've learned that the magnetic field does" b'not fade off into space but has definite boundaries. and we now' b'know that our wispy upper atmosphere, once believed calm and' b'uneventful, seethes with activity swelling by day and' b'contracting by night. affected by changes in solar activity, the' b'upper atmosphere contributes to weather and climate on earth.' b'' b"besides affecting earth's weather, solar activity gives rise" b'to a dramatic visual phenomenon in our atmosphere. when charged' b"particles from the solar wind become trapped in earth's magnetic" b"field, they collide with air molecules above our planet's" b'magnetic poles. these air molecules then begin to glow and are' b'known as the auroras or the northern and southern lights.' b'' b'satellites about kilometers miles) out in' b'space play a major role in daily local weather forecasting. these' b'watchful electronic eyes warn us of dangerous storms. continuous' b'global monitoring provides a vast amount of useful data and' b"contributes to a better understanding of earth's complex weather" b'systems.' b'' b'from their unique vantage points, satellites can survey' b"earth's oceans, land use and resources, and monitor the planet's" b'health. these eyes in space have saved countless lives, provided' b'tremendous conveniences and shown us that we may be altering our' b'planet in dangerous ways.' b'' b'' b'the moon' b'' b"the moon is earth's single natural satellite. the first" b'human footsteps on an alien world were made by american' b'astronauts on the dusty surface of our airless, lifeless' b'companion. in preparation for the human-crewed apollo' b'expeditions, nasa dispatched the automated ranger, surveyor and' b'lunar orbiter spacecraft to study the moon between and b'' b"nasa's apollo program left a large legacy of lunar materials" b'and data. six two-astronaut crews landed on and explored the' b'lunar surface between and carrying back a collection' b'of rocks and soil weighing a total of kilograms pounds)' b'and consisting of more than separate samples.' b'' b'from this material and other studies, scientists have' b'constructed a history of the moon that includes its infancy.' b'rocks collected from the lunar highlands date to about b"billion years old. the first few million years of the moon's" b'existence were so violent that few traces of this period remain.' b'as a molten outer layer gradually cooled and solidified into' b'different kinds of rock, the moon was bombarded by huge asteroids' b'and smaller objects. some of the asteroids were as large as rhode' b'island or delaware, and their collisions with the moon created' b'basins hundreds of kilometers across.' b'' b'this catastrophic bombardment tapered off approximately four' b'billion years ago, leaving the lunar highlands covered with huge,' b'overlapping craters and a deep layer of shattered and broken' b'rock. heat produced by the decay of radioactive elements began to' b'melt the interior of the moon at depths of about kilometers' b'(125 miles) below the surface. then, for the next million' b'years from about to billion years ago lava rose' b'from inside the moon. the lava gradually spread out over the' b'surface, flooding the large impact basins to form the dark areas' b'that galileo galilei, an astronomer of the italian renaissance,' b'called maria, meaning seas.' b'' b'as far as we can tell, there has been no significant' b'volcanic activity on the moon for more than three billion years.' b'since then, the lunar surface has been altered only by' b'micrometeorites, by the atomic particles from the sun and stars,' b'by the rare impacts of large meteorites and by spacecraft and' b'astronauts. if our astronauts had landed on the moon a billion' b'years ago, they would have seen a landscape very similar to the' b'one today. thousands of years from now, the footsteps left by the' b'apollo crews will remain sharp and clear.' b'' b'the origin of the moon is still a mystery. four theories' b'attempt an explanation: the moon formed near earth as a separate' b'body; it was torn from earth; it formed somewhere else and was' b"captured by our planet's gravity, or it was the result of a" b'collision between earth and an asteroid about the size of mars.' b'the last theory has some good support but is far from certain.' b'' b'' b'mars' b'' b'of all the planets, mars has long been considered the solar' b"system's prime candidate for harboring extraterrestrial life." b'astronomers studying the red planet through telescopes saw what' b'appeared to be straight lines crisscrossing its surface. these' b'observations later determined to be optical illusions led' b'to the popular notion that intelligent beings had constructed a' b'system of irrigation canals on the planet. in when orson' b'welles broadcast a radio drama based on the science fiction' b'classic war of the worlds by h.g. wells, enough people believed' b'in the tale of invading martians to cause a near panic.' b'' b'another reason for scientists to expect life on mars had to' b"do with the apparent seasonal color changes on the planet's" b'surface. this phenomenon led to speculation that conditions might' b'support a bloom of martian vegetation during the warmer months' b'and cause plant life to become dormant during colder periods.' b'' b'so far, six american missions to mars have been carried out.' b'four mariner spacecraft three flying by the planet and one' b'placed into martian orbit surveyed the planet extensively' b'before the viking orbiters and landers arrived.' b'' b'mariner launched in late flew past mars on july b'1965, coming within kilometers miles) of the' b'surface. transmitting to earth close-up pictures of the' b'planet, the spacecraft found many craters and naturally occurring' b'channels but no evidence of artificial canals or flowing water.' b'mariners and followed with their flybys during the summer of' b'1969 and returned pictures. mariners and showed a' b'diversity of surface conditions as well as a thin, cold, dry' b'atmosphere of carbon dioxide.' b'' b'on may the mariner orbiter was launched on a' b'mission to make a year-long study of the martian surface. the' b'spacecraft arrived five and a half months after lift-off, only to' b'find mars in the midst of a planet-wide dust storm that made' b'surface photography impossible for several weeks. but after the' b'storm cleared, mariner began returning the first of b'pictures; these revealed previously unknown martian features,' b'including evidence that large amounts of water once flowed across' b'the surface, etching river valleys and flood plains.' b'' b'in august and september the viking and spacecraft' b'-- each consisting of an orbiter and a lander lifted off from' b'kennedy space center. the mission was designed to answer several' b'questions about the red planet, including, is there life there?' b'nobody expected the spacecraft to spot martian cities, but it was' b'hoped that the biology experiments on the viking landers would at' b'least find evidence of primitive life past or present.' b'' b'viking lander became the first spacecraft to successfully' b'touch down on another planet when it landed on july b'while the united states was celebrating its bicentennial. photos' b'sent back from the chryse planitia ("plains of gold") showed a' b'bleak, rusty-red landscape. panoramic images returned by the' b'lander revealed a rolling plain, littered with rocks and marked' b'by rippled sand dunes. fine red dust from the martian soil gives' b'the sky a salmon hue. when viking lander touched down on utopia' b'planitia on september it viewed a more rolling landscape' b'than the one seen by its predecessor one without visible' b'dunes.' b'' b'the results sent back by the laboratory on each viking' b'lander were inconclusive. small samples of the red martian soil' b'were tested in three different experiments designed to detect' b'biological processes. while some of the test results seemed to' b'indicate biological activity, later analysis confirmed that this' b"activity was inorganic in nature and related to the planet's soil" b'chemistry. is there life on mars? no one knows for sure, but the' b'viking mission found no evidence that organic molecules exist' b'there.' b'' b'the viking landers became weather stations, recording wind' b'velocity and direction as well as atmospheric temperature and' b'pressure. few weather changes were observed. the highest' b'temperature recorded by either craft was degrees celsius b'degrees fahrenheit) at the viking lander site in midsummer.' b'' b'the lowest temperature, degrees celsius degrees' b'fahrenheit), was recorded at the more northerly viking lander b'site during winter. near-hurricane wind speeds were measured at' b'the two martian weather stations during global dust storms, but' b'because the atmosphere is so thin, wind force is minimal. viking' b'lander photographed light patches of frost probably' b'water-ice during its second winter on the planet.' b'' b'the martian atmosphere, like that of venus, is primarily' b'carbon dioxide. nitrogen and oxygen are present only in small' b'percentages. martian air contains only about as much' b'water as our air, but even this small amount can condense out,' b'forming clouds that ride high in the atmosphere or swirl around' b'the slopes of towering volcanoes. local patches of early morning' b'fog can form in valleys.' b'' b'there is evidence that in the past a denser martian' b'atmosphere may have allowed water to flow on the planet. physical' b'features closely resembling shorelines, gorges, riverbeds and' b'islands suggest that great rivers once marked the planet.' b'' b'mars has two moons, phobos and deimos. they are small and' b'irregularly shaped and possess ancient, cratered surfaces. it is' b'possible the moons were originally asteroids that ventured too' b'close to mars and were captured by its gravity.' b'' b'the viking orbiters and landers exceeded by large margins' b'their design lifetimes of and days, respectively. the' b'first to fail was viking orbiter which stopped operating on' b'july when a leak depleted its attitude-control gas.' b'viking lander operated until april when it was shut' b'down because of battery degeneration. viking orbiter quit on' b'august when the last of its attitude-control gas was' b'used up. viking lander ceased functioning on november b'' b'despite the inconclusive results of the viking biology' b'experiments, we know more about mars than any other planet except' b"earth. nasa's mars observer spacecraft, to be launched in" b'september will expand our knowledge of the martian' b'environment and lead to human exploration of the red planet.' b'' b'' b'asteroids' b'' b'the solar system has a large number of rocky and metallic' b'objects that are in orbit around the sun but are too small to be' b'considered full-fledged planets. these objects are known as' b'asteroids or minor planets. most, but not all, are found in a' b'band or belt between the orbits of mars and jupiter. some have' b"orbits that cross earth's path, and there is evidence that earth" b'has been hit by asteroids in the past. one of the least eroded,' b'best preserved examples is the barringer meteor crater near' b'winslow, arizona.' b'' b'asteroids are material left over from the formation of the' b'solar system. one theory suggests that they are the remains of a' b'planet that was destroyed in a massive collision long ago. more' b'likely, asteroids are material that never coalesced into a' b'planet. in fact, if the estimated total mass of all asteroids was' b'gathered into a single object, the object would be only about' b'1,500 kilometers miles) across less than half the' b'diameter of our moon.' b'' b'thousands of asteroids have been identified from earth. it' b'is estimated that are bright enough to eventually be' b'photographed through earth-based telescopes.' b'' b'much of our understanding about asteroids comes from' b'examining pieces of space debris that fall to the surface of' b'earth. asteroids that are on a collision course with earth are' b'called meteoroids. when a meteoroid strikes our atmosphere at' b'high velocity, friction causes this chunk of space matter to' b'incinerate in a streak of light known as a meteor. if the' b"meteoroid does not burn up completely, what's left strikes" b"earth's surface and is called a meteorite. one of the best places" b'to look for meteorites is the ice cap of antarctica.' b'' b'of all the meteorites examined, percent are composed of' b'silicate (stone), and percent are composed of iron and' b'nickel; the rest are a mixture of the three materials. stony' b'meteorites are the hardest to identify since they look very much' b'like terrestrial rocks.' b'' b'since asteroids are material from the very early solar' b'system, scientists are interested in their composition.' b'spacecraft that have flown through the asteroid belt have found' b'that the belt is really quite empty and that asteroids are' b'separated by very large distances.' b'' b'current and future missions will fly by selected asteroids' b'for closer examination. the galileo orbiter, launched by nasa in' b'october will investigate main-belt asteroids on its way to' b'jupiter. the comet rendezvous/asteroid flyby (craf) and cassini' b'missions will also study these far-flung objects. scheduled for' b'launch in the latter part of the 1990s, the craf and cassini' b'missions are a collaborative project of nasa, the european space' b'agency and the federal space agencies of germany and italy, as' b'well as the united states air force and the department of energy.' b'one day, space factories will mine the asteroids for raw' b'materials.' b'' b'' b'jupiter' b'' b'beyond mars and the asteroid belt, in the outer regions of' b'our solar system, lie the giant planets of jupiter, saturn,' b'uranus and neptune. in nasa dispatched the first of four' b'spacecraft slated to conduct the initial surveys of these' b'colossal worlds of gas and their moons of ice and rock. jupiter' b'was the first port of call.' b'' b'pioneer which lifted off from kennedy space center in' b'march was the first spacecraft to penetrate the asteroid' b'belt and travel to the outer regions of the solar system. in' b'december it returned the first close-up images of jupiter,' b"flying within kilometers miles) of the planet's" b'banded cloud tops. pioneer followed a year later. voyagers b'and were launched in the summer of and returned' b'spectacular photographs of jupiter and its family of satellites' b'during flybys in b'' b'these travelers found jupiter to be a whirling ball of' b'liquid hydrogen and helium, topped with a colorful atmosphere' b'composed mostly of gaseous hydrogen and helium. ammonia ice' b'crystals form white jovian clouds. sulfur compounds (and perhaps' b'phosphorus) may produce the brown and orange hues that' b"characterize jupiter's atmosphere." b'' b'it is likely that methane, ammonia, water and other gases' b'react to form organic molecules in the regions between the' b"planet's frigid cloud tops and the warmer hydrogen ocean lying" b"below. because of jupiter's atmospheric dynamics, however, these" b'organic compounds if they exist are probably short-lived.' b'' b'the great red spot has been observed for centuries through' b"telescopes on earth. this hurricane-like storm in jupiter's" b'atmosphere is more than twice the size of our planet. as a' b'high-pressure region, the great red spot spins in a direction' b'opposite to that of low-pressure storms on jupiter; it is' b'surrounded by swirling currents that rotate around the spot and' b'are sometimes consumed by it. the great red spot might be a' b'million years old.' b'' b"our spacecraft detected lightning in jupiter's upper" b"atmosphere and observed auroral emissions similar to earth's" b'northern lights at the jovian polar regions. voyager returned' b'the first images of a faint, narrow ring encircling jupiter.' b'' b"largest of the solar system's planets, jupiter rotates at a" b'dizzying pace once every hours minutes seconds. the' b'massive planet takes almost earth years to complete a journey' b'around the sun. with known moons, jupiter is something of a' b'miniature solar system.' b'' b'a new mission to jupiter the galileo project is under' b'way. after a six- year cruise that takes the galileo orbiter once' b'past venus, twice past earth and the moon and once past two' b'asteroids, the spacecraft will drop an atmospheric probe into' b"jupiter's cloud layers and relay data back to earth. the galileo" b'orbiter will spend two years circling the planet and flying close' b"to jupiter's large moons, exploring in detail what the two" b'pioneers and two voyagers revealed.' b'' b'' b'galilean satellites' b'' b'in galileo galilei aimed his telescope at jupiter and' b'spotted four points of light orbiting the planet. for the first' b'time, humans had seen the moons of another world. in honor of' b'their discoverer, these four bodies would become known as the' b'galilean satellites or moons. but galileo might have happily' b'traded this honor for one look at the dazzling photographs' b'returned by the voyager spacecraft as they flew past these' b'planet-sized satellites.' b'' b'one of the most remarkable findings of the voyager mission' b'was the presence of active volcanoes on the galilean moon io.' b'volcanic eruptions had never before been observed on a world' b'other than earth. the voyager cameras identified at least nine' b'active volcanoes on io, with plumes of ejected material extending' b"as far as kilometers miles) above the moon's surface." b'' b"io's pizza-colored terrain, marked by orange and yellow" b'hues, is probably the result of sulfur-rich materials brought to' b'the surface by volcanic activity. volcanic activity on this' b'satellite is the result of tidal flexing caused by the' b'gravitational tug-of-war between io, jupiter and the other three' b'galilean moons.' b'' b'europa, approximately the same size as our moon, is the' b"brightest galilean satellite. the moon's surface displays a" b'complex array of streaks, indicating the crust has been' b'fractured. caught in a gravitational tug-of-war like io, europa' b'has been heated enough to cause its interior ice to melt b'apparently producing a liquid-water ocean. this ocean is covered' b'by an ice crust that has formed where water is exposed to the' b"cold of space. europa's core is made of rock that sank to its" b'center.' b'' b'like europa, the other two galilean moons ganymede and' b'callisto are worlds of ice and rock. ganymede is the largest' b'satellite in the solar system larger than the planets mercury' b'and pluto. the satellite is composed of about percent water or' b"ice and the rest rock. ganymede's surface has areas of different" b'brightness, indicating that, in the past, material oozed out of' b"the moon's interior and was deposited at various locations on the" b'surface.' b'' b'callisto, only slightly smaller than ganymede, has the' b'lowest density of any galilean satellite, suggesting that large' b'amounts of water are part of its composition. callisto is the' b'most heavily cratered object in the solar system; no activity' b'during its history has erased old craters except more impacts.' b'' b'detailed studies of all the galilean satellites will be' b'performed by the galileo orbiter.' b'' b'' b'saturn' b'' b'no planet in the solar system is adorned like saturn. its' b'exquisite ring system is unrivaled. like jupiter, saturn is' b'composed mostly of hydrogen. but in contrast to the vivid colors' b"and wild turbulence found in jovian clouds, saturn's atmosphere" b'has a more subtle, butterscotch hue, and its markings are muted' b"by high-altitude haze. given saturn's somewhat placid-looking" b'appearance, scientists were surprised at the high-velocity' b'equatorial jet stream that blows some kilometers b'miles) per hour.' b'' b'three american spacecraft have visited saturn. pioneer b'sped by the planet and its moon titan in september b'returning the first close-up images. voyager followed in' b'november sending back breathtaking photographs that' b"revealed for the first time the complexities of saturn's ring" b'system and moons. voyager flew by the planet and its moons in' b'august b'' b'the rings are composed of countless low-density particles' b"orbiting individually around saturn's equator at progressive" b'distances from the cloud tops. analysis of spacecraft radio waves' b'passing through the rings showed that the particles vary widely' b'in size, ranging from dust to house-sized boulders. the rings are' b'bright because they are mostly ice and frosted rock.' b'' b'the rings might have resulted when a moon or a passing body' b'ventured too close to saturn. the unlucky object would have been' b'torn apart by great tidal forces on its surface and in its' b'interior. or the object may not have been fully formed to begin' b"with and disintegrated under the influence of saturn's gravity. a" b'third possibility is that the object was shattered by collisions' b'with larger objects orbiting the planet.' b'' b'unable either to form into a moon or to drift away from each' b'other, individual ring particles appear to be held in place by' b'the gravitational pull of saturn and its satellites. these' b'complex gravitational interactions form the thousands of ringlets' b'that make up the major rings.' b'' b'radio emissions quite similar to the static heard on an am' b'car radio during an electrical storm were detected by the voyager' b'spacecraft. these emissions are typical of lightning but are' b"believed to be coming from saturn's ring system rather than its" b'atmosphere, where no lightning was observed. as they had at' b"jupiter, the voyagers saw a version of earth's auroras near" b"saturn's poles." b'' b'the voyagers discovered new moons and found several' b'satellites that share the same orbit. we learned that some moons' b"shepherd ring particles, maintaining saturn's rings and the gaps" b"in the rings. saturn's 18th moon was discovered in from" b'images taken by voyager in b'' b'voyager determined that titan has a nitrogen-based' b"atmosphere with methane and argon one more like earth's in" b'composition than the carbon dioxide atmospheres of mars and' b"venus. titan's surface temperature of degrees celsius b'degrees fahrenheit) implies that there might be water-ice islands' b'rising above oceans of ethane-methane liquid or sludge.' b"unfortunately, voyager's cameras could not penetrate the moon's" b'dense clouds.' b'' b'continuing photochemistry from solar radiation may be' b"converting titan's methane to ethane, acetylene and in" b'combination with nitrogen hydrogen cyanide. the latter' b'compound is a building block of amino acids. these conditions may' b'be similar to the atmospheric conditions of primeval earth' b"between three and four billion years ago. however, titan's" b'atmospheric temperature is believed to be too low to permit' b'progress beyond this stage of organic chemistry.' b'' b'the exploration of saturn will continue with the cassini' b'mission. the cassini spacecraft will orbit the planet and will' b'also deploy a probe called huygens, which will be dropped into' b"titan's atmosphere and fall to the surface. cassini will use the" b"probe as well as radar to peer through titan's clouds and will" b'spend years examining the saturnian system.' b'' b'' b'uranus' b'' b'in january four and a half years after visiting' b'saturn, voyager completed the first close-up survey of the' b'uranian system. the brief flyby revealed more information about' b'uranus and its retinue of icy moons than had been gleaned from' b"ground observations since the planet's discovery over two" b'centuries ago by the english astronomer william herschel.' b'' b'uranus, third largest of the planets, is an oddball of the' b'solar system. unlike the other planets (with the exception of' b'pluto), this giant lies tipped on its side with its north and' b'south poles alternately facing the sun during an 84-year swing' b"around the solar system. during voyager 2's flyby, the south pole" b'faced the sun. uranus might have been knocked over when an' b'earth-sized object collided with it early in the life of the' b'solar system.' b'' b"voyager found that uranus' magnetic field does not follow" b'the usual north-south axis found on the other planets. instead,' b"the field is tilted degrees and offset from the planet's" b'center, a phenomenon that on earth would be like having one' b'magnetic pole in new york city and the other in the city of' b'djakarta, on the island of java in indonesia.' b'' b"uranus' atmosphere consists mainly of hydrogen, with some b'percent helium and small amounts of ammonia, methane and water' b"vapor. the planet's blue color occurs because methane in its" b'atmosphere absorbs all other colors. wind speeds range up to b'kilometers miles) per hour, and temperatures near the cloud' b'tops average degrees celsius degrees fahrenheit).' b'' b"uranus' sunlit south pole is shrouded in a kind of" b'photochemical "smog" believed to be a combination of acetylene,' b'ethane and other sunlight-generated chemicals. surrounding the' b"planet's atmosphere and extending thousands of kilometers into" b'space is a mysterious ultraviolet sheen known as "electroglow."' b'' b"approximately kilometers miles) below uranus'" b'cloud tops, there is thought to be a scalding ocean of water and' b'dissolved ammonia some kilometers miles) deep.' b'beneath this ocean is an earth-sized core of heavier materials.' b'' b'voyager discovered new moons, kilometers b'miles) in diameter, orbiting uranus. the five previously known b'miranda, ariel, umbriel, titania and oberon range in size from' b'520 to kilometers to miles) across. representing' b'a geological showcase, these five moons are half-ice, half-rock' b'spheres that are cold and dark and show evidence of past' b'activity, including faulting and ice flows.' b'' b"the most remarkable of uranus' moons is miranda. its surface" b'features high cliffs as well as canyons, crater-pocked plains and' b'winding valleys. the sharp variations in terrain suggest that,' b'after the moon formed, it was smashed apart by a collision with' b'another body an event not unusual in our solar system, which' b'contains many objects that have impact craters or are fragments' b'from large impacts. what is extraordinary is that miranda' b'apparently reformed with some of the material that had been in' b'its interior exposed on its surface.' b'' b'uranus was thought to have nine dark rings; voyager imaged' b"11. in contrast to saturn's rings, which are composed of bright" b"particles, uranus' rings are primarily made up of dark," b'boulder-sized chunks.' b'' b'' b'neptune' b'' b'voyager completed its 12-year tour of the solar system' b"with an investigation of neptune and the planet's moons. on" b'august the spacecraft swept to within kilometers' b'(3,010 miles) of neptune and then flew on to the moon triton.' b"during the neptune encounter it became clear that the planet's" b"atmosphere was more active than uranus'." b'' b'voyager observed the great dark spot, a circular storm the' b"size of earth, in neptune's atmosphere. resembling jupiter's" b'great red spot, the storm spins counterclockwise and moves' b'westward at almost kilometers miles) per hour. voyager' b'2 also noted a smaller dark spot and a fast-moving cloud dubbed' b'the "scooter," as well as high-altitude clouds over the main' b'hydrogen and helium cloud deck. the highest wind speeds of any' b'planet were observed, up to kilometers miles) per' b'hour.' b'' b'like the other giant planets, neptune has a gaseous hydrogen' b"and helium upper layer over a liquid interior. the planet's core" b'contains a higher percentage of rock and metal than those of the' b"other gas giants. neptune's distinctive blue appearance, like" b"uranus' blue color, is due to atmospheric methane." b'' b"neptune's magnetic field is tilted relative to the planet's" b'spin axis and is not centered at the core. this phenomenon is' b"similar to uranus' magnetic field and suggests that the fields of" b'the two giants are being generated in an area above the cores,' b'where the pressure is so great that liquid hydrogen assumes the' b"electrical properties of a metal. earth's magnetic field, on the" b'other hand, is produced by its spinning metallic core and is only' b'slightly tilted and offset relative to its center.' b'' b"voyager also shed light on the mystery of neptune's rings." b'observations from earth indicated that there were arcs of' b'material in orbit around the giant planet. it was not clear how' b'neptune could have arcs and how these could be kept from' b'spreading out into even, unclumped rings. voyager detected' b'these arcs, but they were, in fact, part of thin, complete rings.' b'a number of small moons could explain the arcs, but such bodies' b'were not spotted.' b'' b'astronomers had identified the neptunian moons triton in' b'1846 and nereid in voyager found six more. one of the new' b'moons proteus is actually larger than nereid, but since' b"proteus orbits close to neptune, it was lost in the planet's" b'glare for observers on earth.' b'' b'triton circles neptune in a retrograde orbit in under six' b'days. tidal forces on triton are causing it to spiral slowly' b'towards the planet. in to million years (a short time in' b'astronomical terms), the moon will be so close that neptunian' b'gravity will tear it apart, forming a spectacular ring to' b"accompany the planet's modest current rings." b'' b"triton's landscape is as strange and unexpected as those of" b'io and miranda. the moon has more rock than its counterparts at' b"saturn and uranus. triton's mantle is probably composed of" b"water-ice, but the moon's crust is a thin veneer of nitrogen and" b'methane. the moon shows two dramatically different types of' b'terrain: the so-called "cantaloupe" terrain and a receding ice' b'cap.' b'' b'dark streaks appear on the ice cap. these streaks are the' b'fallout from geyser-like volcanic vents that shoot nitrogen gas' b'and dark, fine-grained particles to heights of to kilometers' b"(1 to miles). triton's thin atmosphere, only 1/70,000th as" b"thick as earth's, has winds that carry the dark particles and" b'deposit them as streaks on the ice cap the coldest surface yet' b'found in the solar system degrees celsius, degrees' b'fahrenheit). triton might be more like pluto than any other' b'object spacecraft have so far visited.' b'' b'' b'pluto' b'' b'pluto is the most distant of the planets, yet the' b'eccentricity of its orbit periodically carries it inside' b"neptune's orbit, where it has been since and where it will" b"remain until march pluto's orbit is also highly inclined b'tilted degrees to the orbital plane of the other planets.' b'' b'discovered in pluto appears to be little more than a' b"celestial snowball. the planet's diameter is calculated to be" b'approximately kilometers miles), only two-thirds the' b"size of our moon. ground-based observations indicate that pluto's" b'surface is covered with methane ice and that there is a thin' b'atmosphere that may freeze and fall to the surface as the planet' b"moves away from the sun. observations also show that pluto's spin" b'axis is tipped by degrees.' b'' b'the planet has one known satellite, charon, discovered in' b"1978. charon's surface composition is different from pluto's: the" b'moon appears to be covered with water-ice rather than methane' b'ice. its orbit is gravitationally locked with pluto, so both' b"bodies always keep the same hemisphere facing each other. pluto's" b"and charon's rotational period and charon's period of revolution" b'are all earth days.' b'' b'although no spacecraft have ever visited pluto, nasa is' b'currently exploring the possibility of such a mission.' b'' b'' b'comets' b'' b'the outermost members of the solar system occasionally pay a' b'visit to the inner planets. as asteroids are the rocky and' b'metallic remnants of the formation of the solar system, comets' b'are the icy debris from that dim beginning and can survive only' b'far from the sun. most comet nuclei reside in the oort cloud, a' b'loose swarm of objects in a halo beyond the planets and reaching' b'perhaps halfway to the nearest star.' b'' b'comet nuclei orbit in this frozen abyss until they are' b'gravitationally perturbed into new orbits that carry them close' b'to the sun. as a nucleus falls inside the orbits of the outer' b'planets, the volatile elements of which it is made gradually' b'warm; by the time the nucleus enters the region of the inner' b'planets, these volatile elements are boiling. the nucleus itself' b'is irregular and only a few miles across, and is made principally' b'of water-ice with methane and ammonia materials very similar' b'to those composing the moons of the giant planets.' b'' b'as these materials boil off of the nucleus, they form a coma' b'or cloud-like "head" that can measure tens of thousands of' b'kilometers across. the coma grows as the comet gets closer to the' b'sun. the stream of charged particles coming from the sun pushes' b'on this cloud, blowing it back like a flag in the wind and giving' b'rise to the comet\'s "tails." gases and ions are blown directly' b'back from the nucleus, but dust particles are pushed more slowly.' b'as the nucleus continues in its orbit, the dust particles are' b'left behind in a curved arc.' b'' b'both the gas and dust tails point away from the sun; in' b'effect, the comet chases its tails as it recedes from the sun.' b'the tails can reach million kilometers million miles) in' b'length, but the total amount of material contained in this' b'dramatic display would fit in an ordinary suitcase. comets b'from the latin cometa, meaning "long-haired" are essentially' b'dramatic light shows.' b'' b'some comets pass through the solar system only once, but' b'others have their orbits gravitationally modified by a close' b'encounter with one of the giant outer planets. these latter' b'visitors can enter closed elliptical orbits and repeatedly return' b'to the inner solar system.' b'' b"halley's comet is the most famous example of a relatively" b'short period comet, returning on an average of once every b"years and orbiting from beyond neptune to within venus' orbit." b'confirmed sightings of the comet go back to b.c. this regular' b'visitor to our solar system is named for sir edmond halley,' b"because he plotted the comet's orbit and predicted its return," b'based on earlier sightings and newtonian laws of motion. his name' b'became part of astronomical lore when, in the comet' b'returned on schedule. unfortunately, sir edmond did not live to' b'see it.' b'' b'a comet can be very prominent in the sky if it passes' b'comparatively close to earth. unfortunately, on its most recent' b"appearance, halley's comet passed no closer than million" b'kilometers million miles) from our world. the comet was' b'visible to the naked eye, especially for viewers in the southern' b'hemisphere, but it was not spectacular. comets have been so' b'bright, on rare occasions, that they were visible during daytime.' b'historically, comet sightings have been interpreted as bad omens' b'and have been artistically rendered as daggers in the sky.' b'' b'the comet rendezvous/asteroid flyby (craf) spacecraft will' b'become the first traveler to fly close to a comet nucleus and' b'remain in proximity to it as they both approach the sun. craf' b'will observe the nucleus as it becomes active in the growing' b'sunlight and begins to have its lighter elements boil off and' b'form a coma and tails. several spacecraft have flown by comets at' b"high speed; the first was nasa's international cometary explorer" b'in an armada of five spacecraft (two japanese, two soviet' b'and the giotto spacecraft from the european space agency) flew by' b"halley's comet in b'' b'' b'conclusion' b'' b'despite their efforts to peer across the vast distances of' b'space through an obscuring atmosphere, scientists of the past had' b'only one body they could study closely earth. but since b'spaceflight through the solar system has lifted the veil on our' b'neighbors in space.' b'' b'we have learned more about our solar system and its members' b'than anyone had in the previous thousands of years. our automated' b'spacecraft have traveled to the moon and to all the planets' b'beyond our world except pluto; they have observed moons as large' b'as small planets, flown by comets and sampled the solar' b'environment. astronomy books now include detailed pictures of' b'bodies that were only smudges in the largest telescopes for' b'generations. we are lucky to be alive now to see these strange' b'and beautiful places and objects.' b'' b'the knowledge gained from our journeys through the solar' b'system has redefined traditional earth sciences like geology and' b'meteorology and spawned an entirely new discipline called' b'comparative planetology. by studying the geology of planets,' b'moons, asteroids and comets, and comparing differences and' b'similarities, we are learning more about the origin and history' b'of these bodies and the solar system as a whole.' b'' b"we are also gaining insight into earth's complex weather" b'systems. by seeing how weather is shaped on other worlds and by' b"investigating the sun's activity and its influence throughout the" b'solar system, we can better understand climatic conditions and' b'processes on earth.' b'' b'we will continue to learn and benefit as our automated' b'spacecraft explore our neighborhood in space. one current mission' b'is mapping venus; others are flying between worlds and will reach' b'the sun and jupiter after complex trajectory adjustments. future' b'missions are planned for mars, saturn, a comet and the asteroid' b'belt.' b'' b'we can also look forward to the time when humans will once' b'again set foot on an alien world. although astronauts have not' b'been back to the moon since december plans are being' b'formulated for our return to the lunar landscape and for the' b'human exploration of mars and even the establishment of martian' b'outposts. one day, taking a holiday may mean spending a week at a' b'lunar base or a martian colony!' b'' b'- end b'' 