b'' b' i am taking a course entitled "exploring science using internet".' b' for our final project, we are to find a compendium of internet resources' b' dealing with a science-related topic. i chose astronomy. anyway, i was' b' wondering if anyone out there knew of any interesting resources on internet' b' that provide information on astronomy, space, nasa, or anything like that.' b'' b'do you know of the world-wide-web? this is a global hypertext (well,' b'hypermedia) network running on the internet. one of the nice things' b'about it is that is understands and incorporates virtually all of the' b'other systems being used, like wais, gopher, ftp, archie, etc. it' b'is usually quite easy to add existing resources to the web.' b'' b"if you'd like to explore, i'd suggest getting the xmosaic program," b"written at the ncsa. it's an x-windows web browser, and is pretty" b'slick. it can understand and cope with more than text: gif, jpeg, mpeg,' b'audio, etc. there are other browsers, including a text-mode browser' b"for people stuck on a text terminal, but i'm most familliar with mosaic." b'' b'under the page "the world-wide web virtual library: subject catalogue"' b'(this is available under the documents menu in mosaic, or by any' b'browser via the url' b'http://info.cern.ch/hypertext/datasources/bysubject/overview.html b'there is a subject "space science." currently this points to a' b"page under construction, with only the nasa jpl ftp archive. i've" b'volunteered to take over this page, and in fact i have a replacement' b'with all sorts of information pointers (mostly gleaned from the' b'sci.space faq). as soon as the overworked "subject catalogue"' b'maintainer switches the "space science" pointer, it\'ll be visible.' b'' b"i'll post a short note when this happens." b'' b'--' b'frederick g. m. roeber cern european center for nuclear research' b'r-mail: cern/ppe, geneva switzerland home: b'--' b'"sorry, baby, i can\'t take you to the pizza joint tonight, i\'ve got to go' b'back to the lab and split the atom." ayn rand, "what is romanticism?"' 