b'' b'' b'i feel compelled to complain: the statement that recent observations' b'rule out merging neutron stars as sources of gamma-ray bursts is' b'utterly false, even though it is popular enough to make it to' b'batse press releases.' b'the idea behind the statement is as follows:' b'"if you smack two neutron' b'stars together, or have a neutron star be gobbled up by a black hole,' b'a lot of energy is released, enough for a gamma-ray burst at a' b'cosmological distance. but, so the reasoning continues, this energy' b'is released below a lot of matter, so the radiation becomes' b'thermalized and you expect to see roughly a blackbody spectrum.' b'the observed spectra are strongly non-thermal, so this model must' b'be wrong."' b'as so often, the fault lies with the imagination of the person who' b'was trying to prove the model wrong rather than with the model. it' b'may be that the initial energy release is not seen as a gamma-ray' b"burst, but the 'fireball' of energy and matter that is created" b'may spew out a relativistic flow. when this slams into the surrounding' b'medium, a strong flux of non-thermal gamma rays results, which may' b'carry off a substantial fraction of the initial total energy. all' b'this is not my idea: it is in a series of papers by martin rees,' b'peter meszaros (sorry for the missing accents:-) and co-workers.' b'it is certainly not a complete model, but it may well be the best one' b'around (summing over all proposed distance scales). an alternative' b'proposal for what creates the initial fireball, by the way, is the' b"so-called 'failed supernovae' scenario by stan woosley, in which" b'a very massive star at the end of its life collapses to a black' b'hole. if the stellar core was rotating, part of the infalling matter' b'will be temporarily halted because it is supported by centrifugal' b'force, and form a very dense neutron torus that accretes onto the' b'black hole. this beast may spew out a jet along the rotation axis,' b'which again constitutes relativistic flow. the rate of such' b'events may be much higher than that of neutron star mergers,' b'but the flux may be more strongly beamed, so that the net rate' b'of bursts observed on earth stays the same between the two' b'scenarios, but the energy released per event can be a lot less' b'in the failed supernova scenario.' b'' b'on another note: i do believe that the distance scale must' b'ultimately be resolved via some classical astronomical method' b'such as finding counterparts to the bursts at other wavelengths,' b'or finding a definitive signature of some known class of' b'objects in the distribution of positions and fluxes. theorists' b'have historically not been too successfull in finding the' b'distance of any object by proving that there is only one' b'possible way in which the object can work, and therefore' b'it *must* be so-and-so.' b'' b'ralph wijers' b'' 