b'' b'..' b'' b" after all the space walking, they are going to re-boost the hst's" b" orbit. i think right now it's sitting at miles up," b" they would like i don't know the exact orbit numbers." b'^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^' b'' b'as ben says this re-boost idea is all news to us here. do you know' b"something we don't? please supply a source it would be nice for" b'the schedulers of observations to know where the thing is going to' b'be. these altitude numbers are also way off.' b'' b'my best source has:' b'"minimum st altitude in the pmdb is: kilometers"' b'"maximum st altitude in the pmdb is: kilometers"' b'"delta st altitude in the pmdb is: kilometers"' b'' b'(pmdb is proposal management data base used to schedule observations.)' b'..' b'' b'' b'i am sure your numbers are far better then mine. as i said above,' b"i don't have exact numbers." b'' b' in order to perform the re-boost of the hst, the oms engines' b' will be fired for a long period. now the shuttle is a heavy' b" thing. the hst isn't light either. the amount of oms fuel" b' needed to fly both up is substantial. a small booster' b" carried up and used to boost hst on it's own will weigh significantly" b' less then the oms fuel required to boost both hst and shuttle,' b' for a given orbital change.' b'' b'' b'could you supply some calculations? you might check some recent' b"postings that explained that 'a small booster' as suggested does" b"not now exist, so comparing the mass of something that doesn't" b'exist to the mass of the oms fuel seems impossible. the contamination' b'threat also remains.' b'' b'' b'how different would the contamination threat of a small manuevering tug' b"be from that of the shuttle and it's oms engines??????" b'' b'i know that no small manuevering tug exists, but maybe one could' b'soup up a bus does anyone out there have the de-clasified' b'specs on hte bus would it be able to provide enough control' b'force to balance the hst, and still have the rocket thrust' b'to hurl her into a decent high orbit?' b'' b'..' b'' b' or the hst could even get placed into some sort of medium orbit.' b' the reason they want a high orbit, is less antenna pointing,' b' and longer drag life.' b'' b' longer drag life i can understand, but could you explain the' b'antenna pointing?' b'' b'sorry, that should be intrument pointing.' b'' b'' b' whatever it is, the problem in the tilt array is a big constraint' b' on hst ops.' b'' b'tell me about it. although the arrays can be (and are) moved perfectly' b'well utilizing the second electronics box. getting them both working' b'is much desireable so as to reclaim redundancy.' b'' b'plus, if the second box gets fritzy, you could be in shitter ville' b'real fast.' b'' b'' b"i don't mean to jump on you helpful suggestions are always welcome" b'and we all know the more ideas the better, but i do want the true' b'situation to be described clearly and correctly, lest some get' b'confused.' b'' b'regards,' b'wm. hathaway' b'' b'the problem is no-one seems to have the exact numbers. when the mission' b'was planned originally at spacewalks, and astronauts, there was' b'enormous concern over the mass margins for the flight. they' b"have now planned for eva's, an day mission and have reserve" b"eva's and an emergency eva. obviously that is coming from somewhere." b'my guess is the oms burn fuel, or re-boost margin.' b'' b'i just figured, if goldin wants to really, prove out faster, cheaper' b'better, have some of the whiz kids slap together an expendable' b'space manuevering tug out of a bus1, and use that for the re-boost.' b'it has to be better then using the discovery as a tow truck.' b'' b'pat' b'' 