b'' b': why not build a inflatable space dock.' b'' b": if you're doing large-scale satellite servicing, being able to do it in" b': a pressurized hangar makes considerable sense. the question is whether' b': anyone is going to be doing large-scale satellite servicing in the near' b': future, to the point of justifying development of such a thing.' b'' b'that\'s a mighty fine idea. but since you asked "why not," i\'ll' b'respond.' b'' b'putting aside the application of such a space dock, there are other' b'factors to consider than just pressurized volume. temperature control' b'is difficult in space, and your inflatable hangar will have to' b'incorporate thermal insulation (maybe a double-walled inflatable).' b'micrometeoroid protection and radiation protection are also required.' b"don't think this will be a clear plastic bubble; it's more likely" b'to look like a big white ball made out of the same kind of multi-layer' b'fabric that soft-torso space suits are made out of today.' b'' b'because almost all manned space vessels (skylab, mir, salyut) used' b'their pressurization for increased structural rigidity, even though' b'they had (have) metal skins, they still kind of qualify as inflatable.' b'' b'the inflation process would have to be carefully controlled. the' b'space environment reduces ductility in exposed materials (due to' b'temperature extremes, monotomic oxygen impingement, and radiation' b'effects on materials), so your "fabric" may not retain any flexibility' b'for long. (this may not matter.) even after inflation, pressure' b'changes in the hangar may cause flexing in the fabric, which could' b'lead to holes and tears as ductility decreases.' b'' b'these are some of the technical difficulties which the llnl proposal' b'for an inflatable space station dealt with to varying degrees of' b'success.' b'' b'-- ken jenks, nasa/jsc/gm2, space shuttle program office' b'' b'"good ideas are common what\'s uncommon are people who\'ll' b'work hard enough to bring them about." ashleigh brilliant' 