b'' b': i want to know what weightlessness actually feels like. for example, is' b': there a constant sensation of falling?' b'' b': yes, weightlessness does feel like falling. it may feel strange at first,' b': but the body does adjust. the feeling is not too different from that' b': of sky diving.' b'' b"i'm no astronaut, but i've flown in the kc-135 several times. i'll" b'tell you about my first flight.' b'' b'at the on-set of weightlessness, my shoulders lifted and my spine' b'straightened. i felt a momentary panic, and my hands tried to grab' b'onto something (like the strap keeping me firmly against the floor)' b'to prevent me from falling; i remember conciously over-ruling my' b'involuntary motions. my ears felt (not heard) a rush and i could' b'feel fluid moving in my head (like when you get up from bed while' b'you have a cold).' b'' b'at that point, i ceased to concentrate on my physiological response,' b'since i had some science to do. i was busy keeping my experiment' b'going and keeping track of all the parts during the "return" of' b"gravity and subsequent 1.8-g pull-out, so i didn't really pay" b'attention to physiology at that time.' b'' b'after about parabolas, i discovered that i was performing one' b"of the tricks i've discovered to keep myself from getting motion" b'sickness; i was keeping my head very still and moving very slowly' b'-- all except my hands and arms, which needed to be in rapid,' b'concious motion for my experiment. during the pull-out to' b'parabola my queasiness finally started to get to me, and i' b'had to use one of those air-sickness bags. i was basically' b'useless for the rest of that flight, so i went to the seats in' b'the back of the plane while my partner (whom i drafted for just' b'this purpose) kept working on the experiment while i was ill.' b'(he was a vetran vomit comet rider, one of those anomalous' b"people who don't get sick on the thing.)" b'' b'i didn\'t think of it as a "constant sensation of falling" so' b"much as like swimming in air. it's very close to the sensations" b"i feel when i'm scuba diving and i turn my head down and fins up." b'' b'jerry:' b': and what is the motion sickness' b': that some astronauts occasionally experience?' b'' b'ron:' b": it is the body's reaction to a strange environment. it appears to be" b': induced partly to physical discomfort and part to mental distress.' b': some people are more prone to it than others, like some people are more' b': prone to get sick on a roller coaster ride than others. the mental' b': part is usually induced by a lack of clear indication of which way is' b': up or down, ie: the shuttle is normally oriented with its cargo bay' b': pointed towards earth, so the earth (or ground) is "above" the head of' b': the astronauts. about of the astronauts experience some form of' b': motion sickness, and nasa has done numerous tests in space to try to' b': see how to keep the number of occurances down.' b'' b"i'm a volunteer in jsc's space biomedical laboratory where they do," b'among other things, some of the tests ron mentions. i was in one' b'called the pre-flight adaptation trainer, which consisted of a chair on' b'a several-degree-of-freedom motion base with moving geometric visual' b"aids. the goal was to measure the victim's^h^h^h^h^h^h^h^h subject's" b'responses and subjective physiological descriptions and see if repeated' b'exposure to this environment could reduce future motion sickness' b'symptoms.' b'' b'jerry b'' b"i don't know of any former or active-duty astronauts who personally" b"read this group. i know that bruce mccandless's office had been" b'waiting anxiously for the space station redesign option i posted' b"last week, but i don't think bruce reads the group himself." b'' b'-- ken jenks, nasa/jsc/gm2, space shuttle program office' b'' b'"the man who makes no mistakes does not usually make' b'anything."' b'-- edward john phelps, american diplomat/lawyer 