b'' b'' b'i wrote:' b'|' b'|given that what i described for the hst seemed to be the smt,' b'|' b'|has someone actually verified that mass is the predominant constraint on this' b'|mission? you seem to be assuming it without giving supporting evidence.' b'' b'someone from nasa posted that there were very significant mass margins' b'on the hst re-boost mission. a while back i had asked why not carry' b'the edo pallet up, and the answer was the mass margins were tight enough,' b"they weren't even carrying extra suits." b'' b"so how much mass is saved by not burning the oms? that's the critical question." b'my data shows that the oms engines hold kg of propellant. of that, a' b'substantial fraction is going to be used for the first oms burn, the reentry' b'burn and the reserve. so pat, tell us how much fuel the altitude change is' b'going to take, and how much the edo pallet, bus-1 and extra parts are going' b"mass. if you can make the numbers work out, _then_ i'll be interested. after" b'you show us that it can be done, then tell us how much the edo pallet, bus-1' b'and extra equipment is going to cost.' b'' b'|why not do this?' b'|' b'|\tquick test goldins philosophjy of faster cheaper, better.' b'|' b'|build a real fast space tug, to handle the re-boost of the hst using' b'|clean cryo fuels, and get it ready before the hst mission.' b'|' b'|pat, this would be slower, more expensive and worse.' b'' b"where's wingo when you need him:-)" b'come on. knock that s**t off.' b'' b'you forget, that during skylab, they did overnight mission planning' b"for the repair eva's. also during thexd" b'intelsat mission, they did overnight wetf simulations.' b'i somehow think they could train up a new eva in months.' b'' b'first, while astronauts certainly have done evas with minimal planning, that was' b"because they _had_ to. they don't like to do that as a general rule." b'' b'second, remember why they had to improvise during intelsat they were trying' b"to attach a motor to a piece of hardware that wasn't designed to do that." b'trying to shortcut the training is only going to make a repeat more likely.' b'' b"third, they don't have eight months. they have however much time is left" b'after someone comes up with a plan, shows it can work and gets it approved.' b"you may think i have a pessimistic attitude. i think it's realistic. i'm not" b'saying that the engineering task is impossible (few engineering tasks are).' b"what i'm saying is that this is neither cost effective nor feasible under nasa" b'management.' b'' b'and as for building hardware, anything can be built if you want it' b'bad enough.' b'' b"you forget, the bus is already built. all they'd ahve to do" b'is soup it up, even test it on a delta mission.' b'' b'"all they have to do is soup it up?" just what does that mean?' b'' b"don't get into this mode of negativism. besides, at the rate" b"missions slip, the discovery won't launch on this mission until" b"march. that's almost a year." b'' b'|more expensive: your proposal still requires the shuttle to do everything it' b"|was going to do execpt fire the oms. in addition, you've added significant" b'|extra cost for a new piece of complex hardware.' b'' b'ah, but how much more expensive is the second hst servicing mission.' b'' b'the second servicing mission is a contingency. you have neither shown that it' b'would be necessary without your plan nor that it would be unnecessary with your' b'plan.' b'' b'you forget, there is a bum fgs, the solar array electronics, are' b'getting hinky and there is still months until the servicing mission.' b'' b"no, pat, i haven't forgotten." b'' b"if the smt can avoid a second servicing mission that's million" b'saved.' b'' b"no pat. that's million minus the cost of the new hardware, minus the cost" b'of the extra struff you want to bring along, minus development and mangement' b'costs, minus extra operating costs. tanstaafl.' b'' b'|according to a gao report on the omv i have before me, there are' b'|only two currently planned missions that could use such a vehicle hst and' b'|axaf. since axaf has since been scaled back and hst can rely on the shuttle,' b"|there doesn't seem to be any need for your vehicle." b'' b"of course, there wasn't any need for the saturn v after apollo too." b'' b"i'm sure that if you reread this you'll see that your argument is falacious." b'' b'as for the problems with the aperture door, i am sure they can' b'work out some way to handle that. maybe a plug made from' b"frozen ice.? it'll keep out any contamination," b'yet sublime away after teh boost.' b'' b"pat, not only is this messy and less reliable than a device that's _made_ to" b'perform this task, it also ignores the point. there is a desire to have' b'astronauts available so that if the door fails to open, something can be done' b'about it. unless you can provide a very reliable way of reopening the door,' b"you haven't solved the problem." b'' b'--' b'"find a way or make one."' b'-attributed to hannibal' 