b'' b'' b"it's vandalism because many people power companies do maliciously waste light." b'' b'"maliciously" implies evil intent. the lighting companies aren\'t going out' b"of their way to spoil the sky. they just don't care." b'' b'if they can sell you' b'or your city or your state an unshielded light that wastes to percent' b'of its light, they make more _money_. never mind that your money is wasted.' b'' b'it is the responsibility of the customer to choose the most efficient hardware.' b"if that's what your city will buy, that's what the lighting company will sell." b'write a letter to city hall.' b'' b"that's fine idea, but it only works if the lighting/power company even bothers to supply good light fixtures. for instance, a power company in virginia" b'recently asked a state commission for permission to sell more lights of various' b'type. yet, all of the different fixture that they sold and wanted to sell' b"were bad designs one that wasted the light. thus, you couldn't even buy" b'a good light from them. in most places, to get a good light, you have to' b'either order it special at high cost or call a store in arizona. at some' b'point, society starts to make rules. cars have to pass safety tests.' b'companies have to meet pollution standards, etc.. there are two ways to achieve this: educate the public so that they demand good lighting or force code' b'down the lighting companies backs. history seems to suggest that the latter' b'is more likely to work.' b'' b'' b"please note that i'm not defending light pollution. the orignial focus of" b'this thread was space based light sources.' b'' b"agreed, so i won't respond again. it's important for all you spacers out" b'there to realize that some people will object to various wild ideas that' b'have been presented. just like congress, it would be best to consult' b'the astronomers/lovers of the night sky before you try some pr stunt' b'to boost public knowledge about space.' b'' b'--' b'\t\t "find a way or make one."' b'\t -attributed to hannibal' b'' b'bob bunge' 