b'' b'' b"that's fine idea, but it only works if the lighting/power company even bothers to supply good light fixtures. for instance, a power company in virginia" b'recently asked a state commission for permission to sell more lights of various' b'type. yet, all of the different fixture that they sold and wanted to sell' b'' b"uh, why do they have to ask a state commision? unless the state's buying..." b'' b'such a process will only increace the overhead to the power company' b'of selling different types of light, and will decreace the likleihood' b'that they will do so. and any efficient lights they might have been' b'planning in the future, go down the drain.....' b'' b"were bad designs one that wasted the light. thus, you couldn't even buy" b'a good light from them. in most places, to get a good light, you have to' b'either order it special at high cost or call a store in arizona.' b'' b'you could order it special. if enough people did so, it would be' b'low cost. last i checked, you could use ups to buy stuff in arizona' b'before going there.' b'' b"finally, i'm sure your state has things like small factories and" b'machine shops. you could go into business making lights that are' b'cheaper to use (thanks to their higher efficiency and the' b"fact that they aren't wasting energy on broadcasting to space)" b'and therefore _better_ than the old style...' b'' b' at some' b'point, society starts to make rules. cars have to pass safety tests.' b'' b'five year plans have to be enacted or the planning for the economy' b'will fall apart.' b'' b'companies have to meet pollution standards, etc..' b'' b'as if the clean air act really cleaned up the air...' b'' b' there are two ways to achieve this: educate the public so that they demand good lighting or force code' b'down the lighting companies backs. history seems to suggest that the latter' b'is more likely to work.' b'' b"_my_ *experience* seems to suggest that you're trying too hard" b'to *educate* them (with the same methods used in american schools' b'to make any subject whatsoever as relevant and boring as proto-ugric)' b'instead of *selling* them on the idea.' b'' b'...' b"agreed, so i won't respond again. it's important for all you spacers out" b'there to realize that some people will object to various wild ideas that' b'have been presented. just like congress, it would be best to consult' b'the astronomers/lovers of the night sky before you try some pr stunt' b'to boost public knowledge about space.' b'' b'well, wake up. space is becoming a field of human endeavor' b'instead of just something we can look at from a long long' b'way away. there are practical space projects that could conceivably' b'(although probably not) cause lots of light pollution, and' b'have been argued against on those grounds, even though they' b'might open up such possibilities, that people could vacation on' b'mars if they wanted really dark skies...' b'' b'' b'bob bunge' b'--' b'phil fraering |"seems like every day we find out all sorts of stuff.' b'' b'' 