b'' b'' b'\twhat evidence is there that there is a trend towards greater' b'species diversity over time? what i see going on right now is a major' b"extinction event, and it isn't clear to me that the diversity 10k years" b'ago was necessarily greater than million years ago.' b'' b'well, there are several bursts in species diversity i can think of.' b'the cambrian and ordovician explosions resulted in a vast increase' b'in animal diversity. likewise, after the one-two punch of the' b'permian and triassic extinctions, the number of marine animals' b'rose steadily to an all-time high just prior to the spread' b'of humans.' b'' b'(**) biggest exception being the k/t (bye bye dinos) extinction' b'' b'(*) about families' b'' b'also, plants arose from green algae and colonized the land in' b'succesive sweeps. mosses colonized very wet environments first,' b'ferns (who had evolved vascular tissues) took over more territory' b'when they evolved these were eventually (mostly) replaced by gymnosperms' b'(pines and the like) and then (mostly) displaced by angiosperms (flowering' b'plants now the dominant plant group on the planet(3). fungi' b'also radiated greatly with the invasion of the land.' b'' b'(1) around the carboniferous (up to about families)' b'(2) around the triassic (up to maybe families)' b'(3) starting in the cretaceous (rising to about families currently)' b'' b"it's unclear (to me at least) what the max equilibrium number" b'of species the earth can hold and if it has ever hit this' b'in the past. it could be (warning: speculation alert) that' b'diversity has never reached a peak because mass extinctions' b'happen often enough to keep the total number down.' b'' b'(***) this would depend a great deal on how fragmented' b'specific ecosystems were.' b'' b'see cowen\'s book "history of life" for a not-too-technical' b'run-down on, well, like the title sez, the history of life.' b'or see, wilson\'s "diversity of life" for a view centered more' b'on current ecology this is (imho) the best popular biology' b"book of (what the hell, i'll say it) all time." b'' b'\t\t\t\t\t\t\tjames nicoll' b'' b'follow-ups to t.o.' b'' b'"\'my boy,\' he said, \'you are descended from a long line of determined,' b'resourceful, microscopic tadpoles--champions every one.\'"' b'--kurt vonnegut from "galapagos"' b'' 