b'' b'' b'huh? please state your criteria for selecting the "greatest philosopher"' b'title. p.s. ever read any nietzsche?' b'' b'greatest most likely to be remembered five hundred years hence.' b'i must admit that that makes many of my personal favorites not' b'that great. i make no comment on nietzche except to remark that' b'he was no immanuel kant. interpret that cryptic remark as you' b'please.' b'' b'some people have appended that remark, that nietzche was no kant,' b'with "thankfully." i haven\'t read enough of either to comment, although' b'everyone tells me i should read nietzche.' b'' b'i would have to say that the "greatest philosopher" title would have to' b'go to plato since the whole enterprise of philosophy was essentially' b'defined by him. although he got most of his answers wrong, he did' b'definitively identify what the important questions are. i think it' b'was descartes who said that "all philosophy is just a footnote to plato."' b'' b'if i were to choose which philosopher made the most important advances' b"in human knowledge over his lifetime, that's simple...it is aristotle." b'this is so much the case that many simply refer to him as "the philosopher".' b'' b"regarding nietzsche, he's one of the most entertaining, although since his" b'ideas were so fragmented (and since his life was cut short) it is doubtful' b'that his influence as a philosopher is likely to be very extensive years' b"from now. they'll probably still be reading him in years though." b'' b'as for "modern" philosophers, i would have to say that kant was the most' b'influential since he had such a strong influence on almost everyone who' b'came after him (and unfortunately, they maintained his errors and' b'amplified them over time).' b'' b'i would say that the most influential "american" philosopher would have to' b'be dewey.' b'' b'but as to the question of what philosopher will be most highly regarded in' b'500 years, it may very well be ayn rand (who in every important respect' b'was "american", but was born in russia). but i guess that remains to be seen.' b'' b'--brian' 