b'' b'in the new york times on sunday may 9th in the week in review' b'section there was a report of a group called "space marketing"' b'in atlanta, georgia who is planning to put up a one mile wide' b'reflective earth orbiting satelite which will appear as large' b'and as bright as the moon and carry some sort of advertising.' b'there was an editorial about this in the times the following' b'tuesday.' b'' b'i realy like this idea, it would be wonderfull to see such a' b'big bright satelite on the night sky. i will even promise to' b'try to buy whatever product it advertises to help this project.' b'' b'please write to space marketing and encourage this project.' b'i sadly dosent have enough money to invest in it.' b'' b'congresspeople. space marketing can be reached at:' b'' b'attn: mike lawson' b'public relations dept.' b'space marketing' b'1495 atmbree rd., suite b'rosewell, ga b'(404)-442-9682' b'' b'' b'' b'space advertisement in low earth orbit is very short term on the' b'order of a few years before the orbit decays. (higher orbits last' b'longer.) advertisers will certainly be aware of the environmental' b"aspects of their advertising. fred's argument is roughly akin to" b"saying that it's bad to cut down trees, so we shouldn't advertise in" b'newspapers. think that through, fred.' b'' b'picture this: our space billboard is a large inflatable structure,' b'filled with "bio-degradable" foam instead of gas. it scoops up space' b'debris as it orbits, thus cleaning the space environment and bringing' b'you the pause that refreshes at the same time. because of the large' b'drag coefficient, it will de-orbit safely burning up within a' b'year.' b'' b'embedded in the foam structure is a small re-entry vehicle, which does' b'not burn up during entry. it contains the electronics and propulsion' b'system (which may be refurbished and re-used) as well as space science' b'experiments proposed and built by high school students in' b'advertiser-sponsored science fairs.' b'' b'advertisers buy time on the billboard, whose surface is made up of' b'tiny mirrors controlled by the avionics package. the avionics can' b'reconfigure the mirrors to reflect different messages at different' b'parts of the globe. clever programming allows different languages' b'to every country.' b'' b'during orbital night, the mirrors turn perpendicular to the surface,' b'and small lights are revealed. the lights spell out messages for all' b'to see.' b'' b'-- ken jenks, nasa/jsc/gm2, space shuttle program office' b'' b' "here men from the planet earth' b' first set foot upon the moon' b' july a.d.' b' we came in peace for all mankind."' b'--' b'--' b'mail: magnus redin, rydsv{gen 240c26, link|ping, sweden' b'phone: sweden (answering machine) and 