b'' b"if this idea goes through, it's the thin end of the wedge. soon" b'companies will be doing larger, and more permanant, billboards in the' b"sky. i wouldn't want a world a few decades from now when the sky" b'looks like las vegas. that would _really_ make me sad.' b'' b'think for a moment about the technology required to do that. by' b"the time they could make the earth's sky look like las vegas," b'the people could afford to go backpacking on the moon. round' b'trip costs for kg to the moon would be about the same as' b'5000 kg in a low earth "advertising" orbit: very roughly the' b'same cost as a smallish billboard, therefore. if such ads were' b'to become common place, that would have to be a very low price...' b'' b'the night sky on a lunar backpacking trip would still be very' b'pristine...' b'' b"there's always been a problem of having to get" b'away from civilization before you can really find "natural"' b"scenery. years ago, this usually didn't take a trip" b'of over miles. today, most people would have to go miles' b'or more. if we ever get to the point where we have billboards' b'on orbit, that essentially means that no place on earth is still' b'"wild." while that may or may not be a good thing, the orbital' b"billboards aren't the problem: they are just a symptom of" b'growing, densely-populated civilization. banning such ads will' b'not save your view of the night sky, because by the time' b'such ads could become widespread you will probably have trouble' b'finding a place without street lights, where you can _see_' b'the stars...' b'' b'coca cola company will want to paint the moon red and white. (well,' b'if not this moon, then a moon of jupiter)...' b'' b'an ad on a moon of jupiter would be rather pointless, since you need' b"a telescope to see them. however, i'd love to see them get all" b'the publicity they could from underwritting the "coca cola io' b'orbital mapping probe."' b'' b'...microscum will want to' b"name a galaxy `microscum galaxy'." b'' b'they already can, to some extent: the iau allows names derived from' b'sponsors or patrons of scientific research. if microscum donates' b'money to a university astronomy program, one of the galactic' b'astronomers could easily get a newly discovered galaxy named after' b'them.' b'' b'frank crary' b'cu boulder' 