b'' b'' b"i don't think that idea means what you think it does. having everyone" b'on earth subject to some ad agency\'s "poor taste" *is* an abomination.' b'(abomination n. loathing; odious or degrading habit or act; an' b"object of disgust. (oxford concise dictionary)) maybe *you* don't mind" b'having every part of your life saturated with commercials, but many of' b'us loathe it.' b'' b"while i'm sure sagan considers it sacrilegious, that wouldn't be" b'because of his doubtfull credibility as an astronomer. modern,' b'ground-based, visible light astronomy (what these proposed' b'orbiting billboards would upset) is already a dying field: the' b'opacity and distortions caused by the atmosphere itself have' b'driven most of the field to use radio, far infrared or space-based' b'telescopes. in any case, a bright point of light passing through' b"the field doesn't ruin observations. if that were the case, the" b'thousands of existing satellites would have already done so (satelliets' b'might not seem so bright to the eyes, but as far as astronomy is concerned,' b'they are extremely bright.)' b'' b' frank crary' b' cu boulder' b'' b'tell that to the people who run the 10-meter keck telescope, or the' b'astronomers and engineers working on the gemini twin 8-meter telescope' b'project. it took years to build keck i and now they are building' b'keck ii. according to the december sky telescope, "this' b'second 10-meter eye will convert the facility into a binocular telescope' b'with double the light-gathering power and the ability to resolve' b'the headlights of a car some kilometers away." japan\'s 8.3-meter' b'subaru telescope will soon join keck on mauna kea. all these telescopes' b'will work in the infrared, yes, but they are _visible light_ telescopes!' b'' b"and haven't you heard anything about adaptive optics? a lot of research" b'was done with "star wars" funding, and some is now being shared with' b'astronomers. this shows great promise. soon, probably within a few' b'years, even the largest telescopes will be able to resolve to their' b'theoretical limit _despite_ the distortions of the atmosphere.' b'' b'to say that "visible light astronomy is already a dying field" is' b'pure hokum. to use the "logic" that things are already bad, so it doesn\'t' b'matter if it gets worse is absurd. maybe common sense and logic' b'are the dying fields.' b'' b'george krumins' b'--' b'pufferfish observatory the universe had its origin' b'/ b'"home of the hockeystick memorial telescope"' 