b'' b'' b'phil, your point is well taken. it is still a sad idea.' b'' b"i'm worried by the concern about it though, for a number of reasons" b'that have nothing to do with space advertising (which for a number of' b'reasons is probably doomed to fail on financial grounds).' b'' b"(and i've been reading and (and writing) this thread since way" b'back when it was only on sci.space).' b'' b"for starters, i don't think the piece of light-pollution apparatus" b'would be as bright as the full moon. _that_ seems to me to be a bit' b'of propaganda on the part of opponents, or wishful thinking on the' b'part of proponents.' b'' b'second, this charge of ruining the night sky permanently has been' b"levelled against other projects, that either don't increace light" b'pollution significantly, or increace light pollution only over the' b'target area.' b'' b'you may or may not recognize as being solar power sattelites.' b'i think it was josh hopkins who actually did the math, showing that' b"sps's weren't that bright after all, ending some two months of frenzied" b'opposition on the part of dark-sky activists and various other types.' b'' b'#2 is mainly projects like the orbiting mirror the cis tested' b"recently. while slightly more worrisome, i'd like to point out that" b'any significant scattering of light outside the target area for one of' b'these mirrors would be wasted as far as the project would be' b'concerned, and something any project like that would work against' b"anyway. and given some of the likely targets, i don't think there's" b'going to be much of an outcry from the inhabitants. there is too much' b"dark sky in the northern cis during the winter, and i doubt you'll find" b'many activists in murmansk demanding the "natural" sky back. if anything,' b"he'll probably be inside, stripped buck naked in front of the uv lamp," b'making sure he\'ll get enough vitamin d for the "day."' b'' b"the mirror experiments aren't something they're doing for crass" b"advertising. they think that if they can build one, it'll be one of" b"those things people in the affected areas will think they couldn't" b"have lived without before. and i doubt anyone's going to really be" b'able to convince them to stop.' b'' b'' b'--' b'phil fraering |"number one good faith! you convert,' b'' b'' 