b'' b'' b'[deleted]' b'to say that "visible light astronomy is already a dying field" is' b'pure hokum. to use the "logic" that things are already bad, so it doesn\'t' b'matter if it gets worse is absurd. maybe common sense and logic' b'are the dying fields.' b'--' b'[deleted]' b'ok, so those scientists can get around the atmosphere with fancy' b'computer algorythims, but have you looked ad the hubble results, the' b'defects of the mirror are partially correctable with software (see' b'those jupiter pictures for results), but is the effects are completely' b'reversable, why is there going to be a shuttle mission to fix it?' b'[deleted]' b'' b'the main effect of the spherical aberration problems with the' b'primary mirror was to drive the computer engineers to develop the image' b'processing software that much faster. when they use the _same_ deconvolution' b'software on the images from the fixed hubble, be ready for some' b'incredible results! there is every reason to believe that the results will' b'_exceed_ the original specs by a fair margin.' b'' b'adaptive optics is a combination of hardware and software. it works' b'realtime, not after the fact, as is the case with hubble. you might be' b'interested to know this technology has made it to the amateur market, in' b'the form of the ao-2 adaptive optics system. starting on page of the' b'april, sky telescope is a three page review of this new product.' b'it lists for the article states: "the ao-2 adaptive optics system' b'comes in a handy soft-plastic case that a three-year-old could carry' b'around." even though this device is really only good for the brightest' b'objects, "it could cope with image movements of up to millimeter' b'in the telescope\'s focal plane." now just imagine how well this infant' b'technology will do in a few years, especially in a dedicated system that' b'has hundreds of thousands of dollars, and many man-hours invested in its' b'development.' b'' b'george krumins' b'--' b'pufferfish observatory the universe had its origin' b'/ b'"home of the hockeystick memorial telescope"' 