b'' b'' b'if anybody has a strong claim to control of the the night sky, it is' b'astronomers. check out the common law. in the days when wild lands' b"weren't scarce, pioneers laid claim to the land by putting it to" b'use, eg clearing and growing a crop. even trespassers can lay claim to' b"the right of passage if if they've done it for long enough and the" b'owners have not complained or taken steps to stop them. usage' b'begets property rights.' b'' b'astronomers have been using the night sky for thousands of years b'they own it.' b'(eg light polluters), they will lose their common-law right of ownership.' b'' b'another consequence of their ownership is that they are free to sell' b'it. now, astronomers need money for their work. if light' b'polluting billboards and mirrors go up, they will need even' b'more money to buy extra image processing equipment, filters,' b'space telescopes etc. to get around the problem.' b'' b'so, as long as we can define who "astronomers" are (eg do' b'"they" include amateur astronomers? nature lovers?)' b'we can set up a system of voluntary consensus to solve this' b'dispute, instead invoking bans, regulations, etc. enforced' b'by bribed politicians at the point of a gun (why do folks always' b'think of that sordid solution, "we ought to pass a law", to' b'solve problems first instead of as a last resort when other' b'methods have failed?)' b'' b'[stuff deleted]' b' this proposal certainly needs work, but how about working on' b'these kind of ideas first before writing "there ought to be a law"' b"letters to our congresscritters: let's give noncoercive consensus, via" b'the free market, a chance to solve this problem.' b'' b'jim hart' b'' b'would mr. hart please explain how one could get every nation on' b'earth and every corporation to agree that astronomers own the' b"night sky without `coercion'. remember that not every nation" b'follows the english common law. in most countries, for most of' b"history, it was probably true that the rulers `owned' everything" b'not explicitly owned by individuals. even in north america,' b'where by the principle enunciated, the aboriginal inhabitants should' b'have owned everything, when new arrivals wanted to use land' b"and resources, they just took it over. in case mr. hart hasn't noticed," b'there is currently a brutal war going on in bosnia about who owns what.' b'of course, if some friendly super power were to give an international' b'astronomy organization some anti-satelite missiles and also agree' b'to defend it if attacked, such a proposal might work, but it' b'would hardly be non-coercive.' b'' b'some of us nutty environmentalists think it might make sense first' b'to try to mobilize public opinion against advertising in space' b'and also to use governmental actions (like taxing power, for example)' b'to discourage them. this of course would be too coercive for' b'mr. hart.' b'' b'dept. of mathematics, northwestern univ., evanston, il 