b'' b'' b'because of his doubtfull credibility as an astronomer. modern,' b'ground-based, visible light astronomy (what these proposed' b'orbiting billboards would upset) is already a dying field: the' b'' b"ahh, perhaps that's why we've (astronomers) have just built 10-meter" b'ground-based scopes and are studying designs for larger ones.' b'' b'fc exactly what fraction of current research is done on the big,' b"fc visable light telescopes? from what i've seen, or less" b'fc (down from amlost years ago.) that sounds like "dying"' b'fc to me...' b'' b"that doesn't seem like a fair comparison. infrared astronomy" b"didn't really get started until something like yrs. ago; it" b"didn't explode until iras in gamma-ray (and i think" b"x-ray) observations didn't really get started until the '70s." b'i believe the same is true of ultraviolet observations in' b'general, and i know that extreme uv (short of angstroms)' b'observations, until the euve (launched last year) had almost' b"no history except a few observations on skylab in the '70s." b'' b'twenty-five years ago, the vast majority of astronomers only' b'had access to optical or radio instruments. now, with far more' b'instruments available, growth in some of these new fields has' b'resulted in optical work representing a smaller fraction of' b'total astronomical work.' b'' b'' b"seriously, though, you're never going to get a 10-meter scope into orbit" b'as cheaply as you can build one on the ground, and with adaptive optics' b'and a good site, the difference in quality is narrowed quite a bit' b'anyway.' b'' b'fc that would be true, if adaptive optics worked well in the visable.' b'fc but take a look at the papers on the subject: they refer to anything' b'fc up to microns as "visable". i don\'t know about you, but most' b'fc people have trouble seeing beyond microns or so... there are' b'fc reasons to think adaptive optics will not work at shorter' b'fc wavelengths without truely radical improvements in technology.' b'' b'hmm, some of the folks in this department planning on using' b'adaptive optics at the m at palomar for near-infrared' b'observations and microns) might be surprised to hear this.' b'' b"and isn't the ntt already pushing toward arcsecond resolution," b'from a ground-based site (remember arcseconds was one of the' b'selling points of hst).' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b't. joseph lazio phone: b'| icbm: deg. n deg. w' b'cornell knows i exist?!? stop rape' 