b'' b'i would like the opinion of netters on a subject that has been bothering my' b'wife and me lately: liturgy, in particular, catholic liturgy. in the last few' b"years it seems that there are more and more ad hoc events during mass. it's" b'driving me crazy! the most grace-filled aspect of a liturgical tradition is' b'that what happens is something we _all_ do together, because we all know how to' b'do it. led by the priest, of course, which makes it a kind of dialogue we' b"present to god. but the best masses i've been to were participatory prayers." b'' b'lately, i think the proportion of participation has fallen, and the proportion' b'of sitting there and watching, or listening, or generally being told what to do' b"(which is necessary because no one knows what's happening next) is growing." b'example. last sunday (palm sunday) we went to the local church. usually' b'on palm sunday, the congregation participates in reading the passion, taking' b'the role of the mob. the theology behind this seems profound--when we say' b'"crucify him" we mean it. we did it, and if he came back today we\'d do it' b'again. it always gives me chills. but last week we were "invited" to sit' b'during the gospel (=passion) and _listen_. besides the orwellian "invitation",' b'i was really saddened to have my (and our) little role taken away. this seems' b'typical of a shift of participation away from the people, and toward the' b'musicians, readers, and so on. new things are introduced in the course of the' b"liturgy and since no one knows what's happening, the new things have to be" b"explained, and pretty soon instead of _doing_ a lot of the mass we're just" b'sitting there listening (or spacing out, in my case) to how the mass is about' b'to be done. in my mind, i lay the blame on liturgy committees made up of lay' b'"experts", but that may not be just. i do think that a liturgy committee has a' b"bias toward doing something rather than nothing--that's just a fact of" b'bureaucratic life--even though a simpler liturgy may in fact make it easier for' b"people to be aware of the lord's presence." b'' b"so we've been wondering--are we the oddballs, or is the quality of the mass" b"going down? i don't mean that facetiously. we go to mass every thursday or" b'friday and are reminded of the power of a very simple liturgy to make us aware' b"of god's presence. but as far as the obligatory sunday masses...maybe i should" b'just offer it up has anyone else noticed declining congregational' b'participation in catholic masses lately?' b'' b'john murray' 