b'' b'[much of the excellent post deleted for space tjl]' b'' b')-with all the suffering and persecution that it meant to be a believer,' b'it' b')-would be quite probable that at least one of those in the supposed' b'conspiracy' b')-would come forward and confess that the whole thing was a big hoax.' b'yet' b')-not one did. it seems rather reasonable that the disciples did not' b'make' b')-up the resurrection but sincerely believed that jesus had actually' b'risen' b')-from the dead; especially in light of the sufferings that came upon' b'those' b')-who believed.' b'' b'' b'i was at the "jubilee" conference this year in pittsburgh pa, and the' b'speaker there spoke of this as well. he talked about many of the same' b'things you mentioned in your post, but here he went into a little more' b"detail. i'll paraphrase as best i can:" b'' b'"suppose you were part of the `christian consipracy\' which was going to' b'tell people that christ had risen. never mind the stoning, the being' b"burned alive, the possible crucifixion let's just talk about a" b'scourging. the whip that would be used would have broken pottery, metal,' b'bone, and anything else that they could find attached to it. you would be' b'stood facing a wall, with nothing to protect you.' b'' b'"when the whip hit you the first time, it would tear the flesh off you' b'with instant incredibly intense pain. you would think to yourself `all' b"this for a lie?' the second hit would drop you to your knees, you would" b'scream out in agony that your raw back was being torn at again. you would' b"say to yourself: `all this for a lie?' and you had more coming." b'' b'"at the third hit you would scream out that it was all a lie, beg for them' b'to stop, and tell them that you would swear on your life that it had all' b'been a lie, if they would only stop...."' b'' b'it is amazing enough that those who believed kept their faith under such' b'torture.... but for a lie? there is no one fool enough to do that.... and' b'no one came forward.' b'' b'excellent post john, thanks for taking the time.' b'' b'' b'--' b'"i have fought a good fight,\t me a sinner."--st luke' b'i have finished my course,\t"for me to live is christ, and' b'i have kept the faith." tim to die is gain" philippians 