b'' b'firstly, i am an atheist. i am not posting here as an immature flame' b'start, but rather to express an opinion to my intended audience.' b'' b'the meaning of my existence is a question i ask myself daily. i live' b'in fear of what will happen when i die.' b'' b'i bet some of you are licking your lips now, because you think that' b"i'm a person on the edge of accepting jeezus." b'' b'i was raised in a religious atmosphere, and attended years of' b'religious educational institutions.. i know the bible well. so well' b'i can recognize many passages from memory.' b'' b'<<****strong opinions start here...****' b'' b'1) the human being is an _animal_ who has, due to his/her advanced' b'mental facilities, developed religious as a satisfiable solution to' b'explain the unexplainable. (for example the ancient greeks believed' b'that apollo drove his chariot across the sky each day was real. due' b'to the advancement of our technology, we know this to be false.' b'' b'christianity is an infectious cult. the reasons it flourishes are' b'because it gives people without hope or driven purpose in life' b'a safety blanked to hide behind. "oh wow..all i have to do is' b'follow this christian moral standard and i get eternal happiness."' b'for all of you "found jeezus" how many of you were "on the brink?"' b'' b'but i digress... the other reason christianity flourishes is its' b'infectious nature. a best friend of mine breifly entered a christian' b'group and within months, they set ministry guidelines for him which' b'basicaly said this --priority spread the word.' b'' b'' b'we are _just_ animals. we need sleep, food, and we reproduce. and we' b'die.' b'' b'religion (especially christianity) is nothing more than a drug.' b'some people use drugs as an escape from reality. christians inject' b'themselves with jeezus and live with that high.' b'' b'it pities me how many millions of lives have been lost in religious' b'wars, of which christianity has had no small part.' b'' b'when christians see a "non-believer", they say that person is blind' b'to the truth, but they cannot realize that it is _they_ who live' b'with this mask of fakeness each day. jesus was just prophet b'who happened to have a large influence because at that time the romans' b'were (circa 69ad) dispersing the jewish population and communities' b'needed some sort of cohesive element to keep them strong in that time' b'of dire need.' b'' b'i must go. these are but a few of my thoughts on christianity.' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'//damien endemyr the unpure knight of doom b'//"so i\'ve acquired a taste for blood and have adopted a nocturnal b'//lifestyle. that doesnt mean i\'m a vampire....." 