b'' b'many christians believe in abstinence, but in a moment will be overcome' b'by desire. we all compromise and rationalize poor choices (sin). last' b'week i was guilty of anger, jealousy, and whole mess of other stuff,' b'yet i am forgiven and not condemned to suffer with aids. to even' b'suggest that aids is "deserved" is ludicrous.' b'' b'when man was told not to have sex with relatives, did they listen b'no! and man found out why b'' b"so what's your point? mark's comment still is valid. to suggest that" b'aids is "deserved" is ludicrous. i sin. i can resolve to abstain from' b'sin, and do weekly (more often, actually). yet i routinely fail.' b'i surely do deserve what i get, yet god compassionately provided' b'the incarnate logos, jesus, as a rememdy and a way out of our situation.' b'if aids is deserved, i surely deserve instant death just as much, as do' b'we all, as st. paul so cogently remids us.' b'' b'to willingly judge "others" as deserving punishment seems to me' b'to be the height of arrogance and lack of humility.' b'' b"i wonder if aids would be a problem now if people didn't get" b'involved in deviant sexual behaviour. certainly, people who' b'received tainted blood are not to blame. but it just goes' b'to show that all mankind is affected by the actions of a few.' b'' b"so what's the point here? i can get aids and never engage in" b'"deviant" sexual behavior. in fact, i could engage in lots' b'of deviant sexual behavior with hiv+ people and never be' b'infected. aids is a consequence of particular behaviors,' b'many of which are not sexual. and not all sexual behaviors' b'carry the risk of transmission.' b'' b'in addition, imho forgiveness is not the end of things.' b'there is still the matter of atonement. is it aids b"i don't know." b'' b'the end of all things is to know, love and serve god, growing' b'daily closer through prayer, meditation and discipline. even so' b'i could get aids. anyone could, unless they remain forever celibate,' b'iv-drug-free, and transfusion free.' b'' b'--' b'-------' b'lawrence overacker' b'shell oil company, information center houston, tx 