b'' b'' b'i would like the opinion of netters on a subject that has been bothering my' b'wife and me lately: liturgy, in particular, catholic liturgy. in the last few' b"years it seems that there are more and more ad hoc events during mass. it's" b'driving me crazy! the most grace-filled aspect of a liturgical tradition is' b'that what happens is something we _all_ do together, because we all know how' b'to do it. led by the priest, of course, which makes it a kind of dialogue we' b"present to god. but the best masses i've been to were participatory prayers." b'' b'[ b'' b'having lived through the kicking and screaming in the 60s and 70s as the' b'catholics were invited to participate in the liturgy instead of counting' b'their rosary beads during mass, i find this comment interesting. there' b'is a _massively_ longer tradition for proclaiming the passion accounts' b'without active participation. if you know the latin, one really' b"beautiful way to hear the passion is it's being chanted by three" b'deacons: the narrator chants in the middle baritone range, jesus chants' b'in the bass, and others directly quoted are handled by a high tenor.' b'this is actually the basis for the common proclamation of the passion' b'that john would prefer.' b'' b'but there is always a judgement call based on pastoral considerations.' b"each pastor makes his own decisions (it isn't a church-wide conspiracy" b'against participation). the palm sunday liturgy, with its initial' b'blessing and distribution of the palms and procession, is already' b'getting long before you get to the passion; some pastors feel that they' b'should not make the people stand through that long narrative. also, the' b'orchestrated proclamation with multiple readers and public participation' b'in the crowd quotations runs longer than the single-reader proclamation' b'--- in churches with multiple masses for the sunday, it might be' b'necessary to go with the briefer options just to "get \'em in and get \'em' b'out".' b'' b'each parish is different. catholics are no longer canonically tied to' b'their geographic parishes. it is possible that another catholic parish' b'in the columbus area (based on the ohio state address) has a liturgy' b'closer to your preferences. or talk to some of your fellow' b'parishioners and see how common your preferences are pastors' b'generally are willing to listen to non-confrontational requests. though' b'you probably should bring along a paramedic in case he reacts too strongly' b'to the shock of people asked for a _longer_ sunday mass.' b'' b"perhaps the problem is that recent liturgical development hasn't follow" b'the continuous evolution model (the accumulation of small changes, no' b'single one of which is too hard to take) but rather the punctuated' b'equilibrium model (things stay the same and we get accustomed to them,' b'then the marked mutation hits). {my apologies if i am mis-remembering' b'the names of the evolutionary theories.}' b'--' b'--- tim rolfe' 