b'' b' since the_day_upon_which_most_christians_celebrate_the_resurrection_of_jesus' b' is approaching, i thought i would comment on this:' b'' b' b' what is the objection to celebration of easter? it is celebration of the' b" resurrection of jesus. i don't recall a command in scripture for us to" b' celebrate the resurrection, but it is the sole and only reason that we' b' are christians--how could we not celebrate it? if it is only the name' b'' b'not quite correct. biblical teaching expects us to celebrate the' b'resurrection of christ not once a year but every time someone is baptized.' b'col. 2:12-buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him' b'through the faith of the operation of god, who hath raised him from the' b'dead." rom. 6:4-therefore we are buried with him in baptism into death:' b'that like as christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the' b'father, even so we also should walk in newness of life."' b'those really want to celebrate the resurrection should by faith walk in' b'newness of life after baptism. it is not necessary to celebrate a pagan' b'goddess in the process.' b'' b' so, as we see from scripture, those who are of israel will observe' b' the 7th day *forever*. the gentiles who believe in the messiah of israel' b' are welcome to observe the 7th day as well, but it is not required of them' b' since the are adopted into the commonwealth of israel. the gentiles who' b' are grafted into the commonwealth of israel are only required to observe' b' the basic commands given to those who came before abram (see also acts' b' no further requirements are placed upon them once they come to faith' b' in messiah.' b' b' so from this i infer that there are different rules for christians of jewish' b' descent? what happened to "there is neither jew nor greek, slave nor free,' b' male nor female, for all are one in christ jesus"? jewish christians/messianics' b' may find certain forms of worship and certain disciplines meaningful because' b' of their cultural background, but i have a hard time understanding the' b' justification for applying rules or commandments to those who have been' b' justified by grace through faith in jesus christ.' b'' b'paul answered your question in romans in v. he stated that the' b'adoption, the glory, the covenants, the giving of the law, the service of' b'god, and the promises were given to the israelites. it is a package deal.' b'he goes on to identify those who are true israelites. vs makes it' b'plain that the true israelites are not those who are born that way but' b'those who accept the promise of god. paul continued to emphasize that he' b'was an israelite in cor. then in gal he says that all those' b"who belong to christ are abraham's seed, and heirs to all the promises" b'given to the israelites. the promises come with the law. it is all or' b'nothing. why is it that you only want to discard one part of the law?' b'certainly you would want your husband to be faithful to you. or do you' b'believe that adultery is no longer forbidden? same law.' b'' b'btw please give a reference for your statement that the gentiles are only' b'required to observe the basis commandmants. could you list those' b'please. acts deals with circumcision and the law of moses which was' b"added because of transgression of god's eternal law (gal rom b'' b'++++++++++++' b'darius a. lecointe i got my ba when i was born again' b'department of educational research and my ma when i was made anew' b"florida state university now i'm getting my phd as i become" b'tel: a patient, humble, disciple.' 