b'' b'i am doing a dormitory bible "discussion" with my christian roommate and' b"in jesus' name, what about the people before jesus? they prayed to god" b"and he listened then, in spite of their sins. why can't it be the same" b'way now?"' b'' b'' b'[insert huge deletion of all following material since it had little' b"relevance to what i've found]" b'' b"ok. the people before jesus didn't have jesus, right (so far, i've" b'announced that space is a vacuum)? the people who lived during the time' b'jesus lived (especially disciples) were taught this: "i tell you the' b'truth, anyone who has faith in me will do what i have been doing. he' b'will do even greater things than these, because i am going to the' b'father. and i will do whatever you ask in my name, so that the son may' b'bring glory to the father. you may ask me for anything in my name, and' b'i will do it." (john b'so, jesus asked them to pray for things in his name. since that time,' b'the request has been the same, not to ask for intercession from other' b'beings, but from jesus. remember that "there is one god and one' b'mediator between god and men, the man christ jesus, who gave himself as' b'a ransom for all men--the testimony given in its proper time." b'timothy also, "there have been many of those priests [talking' b'about priests among the hebrews], since death prevented them from' b'continuing in office; but because jesus lives forever, he has a' b'permanent priesthood. therefore he is able to save completely those who' b'come to god through him, because he always lives to intercede for them."' b'(hebrews hebrews is also full of areas talking about jesus' b'being our mediator rather than any other man.' b'' b'joe fisher' b'' b'["the people before jesus didn\'t have jesus, right" may not be as' b"obvious as you think. in what sense to you mean didn't have?" b'christian thought has generally said that they had jesus in the sense' b'that they were saved by his death. god is not bound by our' b'chronology. so in some real spiritual sense they did "have jesus".' b"even in terms of knowledge, while they surely didn't have the explicit" b'knowledge that we have, christians have normally seen messianic' b'prophecy as knowledge of jesus, even if knowledge from afar.' b'--clh]' 