b'' b'' b'' b'the empty tomb: can we trust it?' b'' b'by the late wilbur m. smith, d.d.' b'(1894-1977)' b'' b'when jesus was on earth, he made an amazing prediction about' b'himself, and frequently repeated it. let me quote it for you:' b'' b'behold, we go up to jerusalem; and the son' b'of man shall be betrayed unto the chief' b'priests and unto the scribes, and they shall' b'condemn him to death, and shall deliver him' b'to the gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and' b'to crucify him; and the third day he shall' b'rise again" (matthew b'' b'wholly different from the normal experience of men, jesus,' b'who had *never* done anything worthy of death, even deserving' b'reproval, knew he would die before he was years of age. he' b'knew the very city where he would die. he knew that the religious' b'leaders of his own race would condemn him to death. he knew that' b'one of his own would betray him. he knew that before his actual' b'death took place he would be mocked and scourged. he knew exactly' b'how he would die--*by crucifixion.*' b'' b'all this is in itself remarkable. but more amazing than the' b'minute particulars of his foreknowledge was what he predicted' b'would follow shortly after he was buried--*that he would rise' b'again.* he even designated the time--on the third day.' b'' b'but since it is on this central fact--the death and resurrec-' b'tion of jesus christ--that the whole truth or untruth of chris-' b'tianity turns, let us examine it more closely.' b'' b'the body of jesus was embalmed in long sheets of cloth' b'between the layers of which a great abundance of spices and' b'ointments was distributed. the body was placed in a tomb which' b'had never before been used, and a great stone was rolled against' b'the entrance. the jewish authorities, fully aware that jesus had' b'predicted he would rise again, had the stone officially sealed and' b'on saturday placed a guard before the tomb to prevent the' b'disciples from carrying away the body. early sunday morning some' b'of the women who were faithful followers of christ went out to the' b'tomb to further anoint the body. to their utter astonishment,' b'they found the stone rolled away, the body gone. they rushed back' b"to tell the disciples. shortly two of jesus' friends, peter and" b'john, utterly skeptical about the whole affair, came and found the' b'tomb empty, just as the women had said. even the guards came' b'hurrying into the city to tell the sanhedrin that had hired them' b'to guard the tomb that the body was gone (matthew b'' b'how did this tomb become empty?' b'' b'one of the most famous new testament scholars in america--' b'professor of new testament literature in a large theological' b'seminary--wrote to the author in answer to my question of *how*' b'the tomb became empty, and wrote it in a letter *not* marked by' b'bitterness or sarcasm, that he could no more explain how the tomb' b'became empty than he could explain how santa claus comes down the' b'chimney at christmas time.' b'' b"but he didn't realize that santa clause never did come down" b'any chimney at christmas time, *because there never was a santa' b'claus!* ...and there *is* a jesus. he died; he was buried in the' b'tomb of joseph of arimathea, and on sunday the body was gone.' b'' b'those are facts of history. no one can escape the responsi-' b'bility of coming to some conclusion about what really happened by' b'mentioning a myth we all abandoned before we were eight years old.' b'' b'another professor, dr. kirsopp lake of harvard university,' b'tried to explain the empty tomb by saying (what no other scholar' b'in the field of new testament criticism has ventured to adopt)' b'that the women went to the wrong tomb.' b'' b'the facts are these:' b'' b'first, so far as we know, there was no other tomb nearby to' b'which by mistake they could have gone.' b'' b'second, it is contrary to all similar experience for three or' b'more people to forget the place where they have buried their' b'dearest loved one within less than three days. even if the women' b'did miss the tomb, when peter and john came, did they too go to' b'the wrong tomb?' b'' b'third, were the soldiers *guarding* the wrong tomb?' b'' b'there is, of course, a record of an attempt to escape the' b'evidence of the empty tomb in the new testament itself.' b'' b'now when they were going, behold, some' b'of the watch came into the city and showed' b'unto the chief priests all the things that' b'were done. and when they were assembled' b'with the leaders and had taken counsel, they' b'gave large money unto the soldiers, saying,' b'say ye, his disciples came by night, and stole' b'him away while we slept. and if this come to' b"the governor's ears, we will persuade him, and" b'secure you. so they took the money, and did' b'as they were taught: and this saying is com-' b'monly reported among the jews until this day' b'(matthew b'' b'this is a good illustration of many later attempts to escape the' b'fact that the tomb was empty.' b'' b'you will notice at once that the chief priests and the elders never' b'questioned but that the tomb *was* empty. they never even went out to' b'see if what the guards had reported was true--they *knew* it was true.' b'' b'another fact about this story makes it ridiculous to maintain that' b"the tomb was empty--the soldiers were told to say that jesus' disciples" b'came and stole the body away *while they* (the soldiers) *were asleep!*' b'' b'how could they know what was going on while they were asleep?' b'obviously, such testimony would be valueless in any court.' b'' b'even aside from the shallowness and sordidness that make us reject' b'the explanation, the very character and the later history of the' b'disciples compel us to believe they did not steal and secretly carry away' b'the body of jesus.' b'' b'first, as professor heffern points out, the leaders of judaism in' b'jerusalem, who had put the lord jesus to death, had nothing to offer to' b'contradict these disciples as they continued to preach jesus and his' b'resurrection--because all jerusalem knew the tomb was empty. if there' b'had been trickery here, sooner or later it would have been suspected,' b'then proved.' b'' b'second, surely *one* of the disciples, even *most* of them, would' b'have confessed the fraud under the terrific persecution they underwent.' b'it may be possible to live a lie, but men seldom die for a lie--and most' b'of these men did.' b'' b'the result ultimately would have been that the message that christ' b'had risen would have suffered the fate of all such unfounded stories--it' b'would have lost it *power.* instead, this truth swept the world, closed' b'pagan temples, won millions of disciples, brought hope to a despairing' b'humanity, was the very foundation truth of the early church, and is today' b'as believable and as freshly glorious as ever.' b'' b'but not only did jesus come alive again, he did not disappear to' b'leave the disciples speculating through all the subsequent days as to' b'what had happened to him.' b'' b'instead, he appeared to them--literally, visibly, frequently.' b'' b'he appeared to the women at the tomb on resurrection morning' b'(matthew later that day to mary magdalene alone (john b'18); and to simon peter, also alone (luke in the afternoon he' b'walked with two of his followers toward emmaus (luke and that' b'night he appeared to ten of the apostles gathered together in an upper' b'room at jerusalem (mark luke etc.).' b'' b'a week later he appeared to all eleven of the apostles, probably at' b'the same place (john once he was seen by above brethren' b'on a mountain in galilee (i corinthians and finally to the' b'apostles just before his ascension (mark luke acts b'8).' b'' b'as with the fact of the empty tomb, so in regard to these histor-' b'ically recorded appearances, all kinds of theories have been proposed' b'attempting to deny their literalness. but these theories are' b'unreasonable, without supporting evidence. none has ever won the' b'unanimous approval of those who refuse to believe in the reality of the' b'appearances.' b'' b'moreover, while it is true we are living in an age when may of our' b'leading scientists and agnostics and many of our philosophers are' b'antisuperanaturalistic, let us not forget that some of the greatest' b'thinkers of the ages have firmly believed in this great miracle.' b'increase mather, president of harvard; timothy dwight, president of yale;' b'nathan lord, president of dartmouth; edward hitchcock, president of' b'amherst; mark hopkins, president of williams; john witherspoon, president' b'of princeton--these men and countless others have believed it.' b'' b'but suppose christ *did* rise from the dead, what of it? what has' b'it to do with *my* life? what has it to do with *your* life? just this:' b'it seals with certitude the teachings of christ.' b'' b'jesus taught many great truths--especially many about himself. he' b'claimed to have come down *from* god.' b'' b'he said he was the way *to* god.' b'' b'he said he was the son of god, who alone knew god perfectly.' b'' b'he said that whoever believed on him had eternal life, and no one' b'else had it.' b'' b'he said that whatever we ask god in his name, he would grant it to' b'us.' b'' b'thus when he did rise from the grave on the third day, he revealed' b'that in these amazing, unparalleled predictions, *he spoke the truth!*' b'' b'do you know any reason, *any good reason,* why we should not believe' b'that his words are all true?' b'' b'the point is, does not the truth of the resurrection convince us' b'that he is none other than the one he claimed to be--the son of god?' b'' b'and then, of course, the fact that christ rose from the dead' b'testifies that he has broken the power of death, and that he will some' b'day raise us also up from the grave, as he promised.' b'' b'in other words, if this person, jesus christ, the son of god, in all' b'this, he should be the cornerstone of the foundation of your life. for' b'he said a life built on him would know forgiveness of sins, his compan-' b'ionship and help, a joy that no circumstances can ever take away, and a' b'hope that shineth more and more unto a perfect day.' b'' b'those who have tried it down through the ages--*and there have been' b'many*--have given their testimony. and we today who believe also know.' 