b'' b'were the early christians weird? yes! so were their non-christian' b'contemporaries (the more familiar you are with late republican rome' b'or the pricipate, the weirder those people will seem forget the' b'creative filtering done by renaissance and eighteenth century hero' b'worship.) so are modern non-christians. and christians.' b'' b'you are pretty weird, yourself, with your rather acid dismissal of' b'luther and of protestantism and in apparently buying into a' b'simplistic propaganda model about catholicism *not* being faddish.' b"sure, it's so large that global fads take longer cycles than they" b'do in smaller denominations (and local ones are not usually visible' b'unless you do a lot of traveling to exotic lands may i recom-' b"mend, as a salutary antidote to this nonsense philippe aries' book" b'_the hour of our death_, a longitudinal study of death customs in' b'western [specifically catholic] christendom?' b'' b"and it won't help to escape into the obscurity of the first christian" b'century. paul was pretty weird, too; as were peter and the others in' b'the (apparently quite weird) circle around jesus.' b'' b'what i think you might find helpful is a bit more charity try to' b'understand these weirdos and nutcases with the same respect and love' b'you would expect others to show your notions. we *are* commanded to' b"love one another, after all. and brown's book is, in fact, a heroic" b'attempt to see the groupings he talks about as motivated in love and' b'the gospel and their social contexts. (if anything, brown is *too*' b'heroic here he manages to overstrain himself at times b'' b"i don't suggest that we *follow* any of these old cult paths and" b'it raises hard questions from the skeptic inside me that so much of' b'early christianity *was* like the weird (christian and non-christian)' b'cults we see today. to that extent, i think you raise a serious' b'problem (and perhaps your phrasing is implicitly self-deprecatory' b'and ironic.)' b'' b'but the first principle for *answering* these questions is respect and' b'love for those we do not understand. and it helps to *work* at under-' b'standing (as long as we do not get overwhelmed by revulsion and begin' b'to withdraw our respect for them as people.) i would advise, in other' b"words, more historical reading (brown's other books are also good, most" b"especially his bio. of augustine; also try robin lane fox's _christians" b'and pagans_, maybe the paul veyne ed. _history of private life_, some' b"of foucault's books on sexuality in the ancient world b'' b'humanity *is* weird we have known one sane person, and we killed him.' b'fortunately for us, this has proved a comedy rather than a tragedy.' b'' b'easter, b'' b'(yes; this is a tad early our vigil service here has been moved forward' b'because so many churches in the area have taken to doing their own vigils,' b'and the seminarians must therefore worship-and-run if they are to do it' b'here and there as well. think of this as an anglican fad. b'--' b'michael l. siemon\t\twe must know the truth, and we must' b'- or -\t\t\tact according to the measure of our love.' 