b'' b'' b'the problems with catholic liturgy are likely to continue for' b'some time. the problem is, in a nutshell, this: the liturgy is a' b'symbolic action in other words catholics do [or should] believe that' b'the _signs_ during the mass water, blessings, vestments, altar,' b'relics, etc are real. that is the sprinkling of water bestows real,' b'almost tangible, holiness, the vestments are a real indication of real' b'sacred time. the point of a _symbol_ is that it is understood by all' b'to be connected to an underlying real referent. this kind of thinking' b'precludes analysis; holy water is not holy because of anything, it' b'simply is holy.' b'' b'but, modern westerners find it extremely difficult, especially if' b'well- educated, to think of the mass as a symbol. we are more likely' b'to see it as a _sign_, ie an action that represents grace, but which' b'could be replaced with other signs. in concrete terms, this means the' b"mass has become a commercial for god's grace rather than the real" b"thing. you can mess around with a commercial in a way you wouldn't" b'dare with the real thing [ask coca-cola co.!]. these attitudes have' b'been encouraged by liturgy workshops, etc. which instead of focusing' b'on _how_ to do do liturgy, have focused on how to create a meaning in' b'liturgy. you can only create signs, symbols have to come from god [or' b'the heart, or somewhere deeper than analysis. the most dramatic' b'example of this shift in understanding has been in the treatment of' b'the sacred species [the consecrated host and wine]. now, with pita' b'bread etc, it is common to come away from the altar with hands covered' b'in particles. if the host is a sign of grace, this isnt and issue; but' b'catholics in the past would have been distraught at this real' b"desacration of the real symbol of jesus' body." b'' b'modern catholic liturgy is caught in this epistemological shift. we' b'try to perfrom the old rites, but then we have some liturgomaniac' b"priest get up and 'explain' what we are doing so we stop doing it and" b'start pretending to do it. this is not a soul filling experience.' b"it doesn't help btw that we have got stuck witha huge amount of two and" b'three chord ersatz-folk music [again a result of mis-analysis: complicated' b'tunes are in fact easier to remember than simple ones this was the' b"genius of wesley and the 19c anglican hymn writers]. taize' is only" b'slightly better.' b'' b'what are we to do? well i suggest rejecting the parish system if it' b"doesn't work for you. search out a church where the liturgy is well" b'prepared not well-explained. they exist in every city. this is not btw' b'a matter of particular style: the music might be old or new. it is' b'the attitude of the church that counts. also, note that a conservative' b'liturgy harking back to pre-vatican ii days, does not necessarily mean' b'the church will be socially conservative.' b'' b'in nyc i can recommend:' b'corpus christi w 12st st.' b'corpus christi w 12st st. very conservative liturgy,' b'st. joseph\'s, greenwich village. modern, "clean", largely gay' b'oratorian church, brooklyn very beautiful' b'' b'avoid, anywhere, anytime a church with electric candles.' b'' b"happy easter: christos aneste', christos voskrezhne, christ is risen" b'' b'paul halsall' 