b'' b'the story i related is one of the seven apparitions' b'approved by our church as worthy of belief. it happened' b'in la salle, france.' b'' b'the moral lesson of the story is:' b'' b'the lamb of god has been sacrificed and his blood has' b'been used to cleanse us of our sins every moment as god perceives' b'worthy of being done in heaven. mary weeps for the lamb and' b'for the rest of her offsprings. this will continue while we' b'disobey god or sin against him. mary, as a messenger,' b"has been given the task to make us be 'aware' of the evil" b'serpent (communism, wars, famine, unfaithful, disobedience' b'to god, etc.) running after the rest of her offsprings.' b'the children who went astray by disobedience led by the dragon is' b'brought back by her peace and loving messages, reparations for sins,' b"to obey god's commandments and be more worthy to be in the presence" b'of the lamb.' b'' b'as she was conceived without sin to be worthy of bearing the' b'son of god in her womb, mary has been preparing us, the church,' b'the body of christ, for his second coming (making sure we are' b'protected from the dragon). also, she has been preparing the new' b'eden, by reversing the deed of the ancient eve. the new eden will be' b'the sanctuary of the righteous as judged by christ in his' b'next coming.' b'' b'i relate the story again:' b'i believe this and mary, in one of her apparitions' b'in 19th or 20th century, she appeared to these' b'two children who tends goats and cows (i forgot' b'the exact place). she was weeping and telling the' b'children that she is afraid she\'s "going to lose her' b'son\'s arm". she is mourning too for these' b'townfolks because it was their fault that there' b'would be drought in their harvest; not much good' b'food again this year as it was last year.' b'' b'mary tells the children:' b'* most of the townfolks in this place worked whole b'* week even on sundays when they should be in church b'* honoring god. these townfolks swears and b"* uses her son's name in bad words. that is b"why her son's arm is so heavy in pain." b'then she asked them if they pray. the children' b'said "hardly". she asked them to pray every' b'morning and night. when the children went back' b'from work they had to tell somebody about this.' b'when the news was spred and after thorough' b'* investigation of the incident, the townfolks b'* were converted and faith and obedience to god b'* were restored in their community. b'' b'' b'once again, the lamb succeeds.' b'' b'-marida' b'"...spreading god\'s words through actions..."' b'-mother teresa' 