b'' b'according to what i have read on biblical idioms, speaking "in x\'s' b'name" is a standard aramaic/hebrew legal idiom for what we today' b"would call power of attorney. a person from jesus' culture authorized" b'to conduct business "in john\'s name" had full authority over john\'s' b'financial affairs, but was held under a solemn fiduciary obligation to' b"work only for john's benefit and consonant with john's wishes. it was" b'not required for the steward to preface each business transaction with' b'"in john\'s name"; it was sufficient to have valid power of attorney' b'and be operating in good faith. (note the overlap here between legal' b'and religious definitions of "faith".)' b'' b'with this cultural background, praying "in jesus\' name" does not' b'mandate a particular verbal formula; rather it requires that the' b'petitioner be operating faithfully and consciously within an analogous' b'"fiduciary" relationship with jesus and for the purposes of his' b'kingdom. the message of "praying in jesus\' name" is thus closely' b"aligned with the parable of the talents and other passages about god's" b'delegation of kingdom business to his stewards, both resources and' b'responsibilities. this idea of praying "in jesus\' name" is not only' b"present but prominent in the lord's prayer, although the verbal" b'forumula is absent.' b'' b'the act of praying the words "in jesus\' name" may be beneficial if' b'they cause us to clarify the relationship of our requests to the' b"advancement of god's kingdom. for that reason, i'm not quite ready" b'to say that the praying the formula is without meaning.' b'' b'prayers to god for other purposes (desperation, anger, thanksgiving,' b"etc.) don't seem to be in this category at all, whether uttered by" b"christian or non-christian, whether b.c. or a.d. (that's b.c.e. or" b"c.e. for you p.c. i don't see anything in christ's words to" b'contradict the idea that god deals with all prayers according to his' b'omniscience and grace.' b'' b'van kelly' b'' b'' b'the above opinions are my own, and not those of at&t.' 