b'' b'[disclaimer: throughout this post, there are statements and questions which' b'could easily be interpreted as being sarcastic. they are not. i have written' b'this reply in the most even-handed manner that i can, with no emotions boiling' b'to the surface as it was written. please accept this as a serious attempt to' b'foster dialog and rest assurred that i make every attempt to make fun of no' b'one, except myself b'' b'' b'firstly, i am an atheist. i am not posting here as an immature flame' b'start, but rather to express an opinion to my intended audience.' b'' b'[...]' b'' b'1) the human being is an _animal_ who has, due to his/her advanced' b'mental facilities, developed religious as a satisfiable solution to' b'explain the unexplainable. b'' b'hmmm. there are other animals on this planet with advanced' b'mental facilities which have not developed "religion" as a' b'satisfactory explaination for the unexplained. why is this so?' b'' b'further, it appears that only humans have a "need" to explain the' b'unexplained. why is this so? the other animals on this planet,' b'including those with advanced mental facilities, seem perfectly' b'content in their ignorance.' b'' b"i'd like to point out that your presuppositions scream out at me" b'from your unsupported statement. they are: humans are animal' b'*only*; religion exists as a crutch so that the unexplained need' b'not be researched; religion was "made up" by humans to address a' b'perceived need; the biological aspect of humans is deified (that' b'is, all aspects of human life can be categorized in a hierarchical' b'structure with biology at the apex).' b'' b'needless to say, i disagree with your strong opinion and the' b'underlying presuppositions.' b'' b'christianity is an infectious cult. the reasons it flourishes are' b'because it gives people without hope or driven purpose in life' b'a safety blanked to hide behind. "oh wow..all i have to do is' b'follow this christian moral standard and i get eternal happiness."' b'for all of you "found jeezus" how many of you were "on the brink?"' b'' b'i disagree that christianity is "an infectious cult". it has' b'certainly shown itself to be persistent as a belief system, in' b'spite of various persecutions throughout the past two millenia.' b'that it continues to persevere does not demonstrate that it is' b'"infectious" in a derrogatory sense; it may be that it provides' b'a workable system for its adherents (and i would argue that this' b'is the case).' b'' b'i disagree that christianity is "a safety blanket" which supplants' b'hope and purpose. rather, it points an individual to the one' b'source of hope and purpose. there is nothing hidden about a' b"christian's source for hope and purpose. of what usefulness to" b'you is the distinction between internally motivated hope and purpose' b'and externally given hope and purpose? is the (apparent) loss of' b"control over one's own life the problem or is it something else?" b'' b'finally, one does not appropriate "eternal happiness" by following' b'christian moral standards. indeed, the sole reason for the existance' b'of christianity is *because* standards are inadequate to save people' b'from their imperfections. moral standards are merely guides to the' b'christian; the real power to moral living is given to the christian' b"in the person of god's spirit." b'' b'heaven is one of two final states that' b'christian doctrine postulates. however, christians are generally' b'not motivated to live according to christian moral standards by this' b'promised future reward; rather, they are motivated by the perceived' b'benefits to them in the here-and-now.' b'' b'but i digress... the other reason christianity flourishes is its' b'infectious nature. a best friend of mine breifly entered a christian' b'group and within months, they set ministry guidelines for him which' b'basicaly said this --priority spread the word.' b'' b'many christian organizations are concerned with evangelism as a' b'priority, and rightly so (for it was jesus himself who gave this' b'as a priority for his followers). however, it is not the penultimate' b'priority as evangelism is normally understood (i.e. preach the word,' b'convert at nearly any cost, repeat with new convert ad infinitum).' b'rather, such evangelism is generally best done through respecting' b'the opinions of others while *demonstrating* the very real benefits' b'of a christian lifestyle. this demonstration should be so powerful' b'that it compels the non-christian to seek out the christian to ask' b'"why?" needless to say, such a demonstration is not easily accom-' b'plished (it takes a radical committment to the person of jesus), it' b'does not happen quickly (so perseverance on the part of the christian' b'is required), and it cannot occur where no personal bonds of' b'friendship exist (it is ineffective with strangers who cannot' b'evaluate the demonstration over time, and it is easy to alienate or' b'harm others if the sole purpose of being a "friend" is to gain a' b'conversion).' b'' b'as a long-time christian (nearly years), i view with some skep-' b'ticism *all* evangelism programs which incorporate a "hurry-up"' b'attitude. pressured conversions may ultimately be worse than no' b'conversion at all (because the pressured convert realizes s/he was' b'coerced and disavows christianity when they would have been open' b'to it in the future had they not been taken advantage of now).' b'the bible states that it is the very spirit of god which brings' b'conviction of wrong-doing to people. i am content to do my part' b'(witness) and let the spirit do the rest.' b'' b'we are _just_ animals. we need sleep, food, and we reproduce. and we' b'die.' b'' b'we are far more than animals. we sleep, eat, reproduce, and die' b'just as other animals do true. but, we are also capable of more' b'than this. if your personal vision of humanity (or of yourself) is' b'so limited, i can only hope and pray that you will someday find' b'a more expansive view.' b'' b'(for reflection, what animals have the wide variety of performing' b'arts that humans do? how is it that humans can learn the language' b'of other humans (or animals) but that other animals cannot do so?' b'how is it that humans can organize themselves in various social' b'structures whereas other animals have only one structure?)' b'' b'religion (especially christianity) is nothing more than a drug.' b'' b'blatant assertion. christianity is not physically addictive.' b'christianity is not psychologically addictive. christianity is not' b'a *thing* which one snorts/ingests/shoots-up; it is a relationship' b'with a living being. you might as validly characterize any close-' b'knit relationship with this appelation.' b'' b'some people use drugs as an escape from reality. christians inject' b'themselves with jeezus and live with that high.' b'' b'there are "jesus freaks" who let the emotional aspects of worship' b'and christian living gain (and retain) the upper hand. even so,' b'this does not by itself invalidate the foundation from which these' b'things flow.' b'' b'it pities me how many millions of lives have been lost in religious' b'wars, of which christianity has had no small part.' b'' b'guilty by association? that "christianity" which forces itself' b'upon another is not christianity at all.' b'' b'when christians see a "non-believer", they say that person is blind' b'to the truth, but they cannot realize that it is _they_ who live' b'with this mask of fakeness each day. jesus was just prophet b'who happened to have a large influence because at that time the romans' b'were (circa 69ad) dispersing the jewish population and communities' b'needed some sort of cohesive element to keep them strong in that time' b'of dire need.' b'' b'you appear to have an amazing certainty about what really happened' b'2000 years ago. how did you come by it?' b'' b"i cannot accept your conclusion that jesus' influence was a sole" b'result of the roman sack of jerusalem in 70ad. he was years' b'gone by this time. it strains the bounds of credulity to assert' b"that nothing about jesus' life was noteworthy _until_ the sack." b'' b'i must go. these are but a few of my thoughts on christianity.' b'' b'christianity is having a relationship with jesus christ himself.' b'what do you know of him?' b'' b'' b'we read the world wrong\t\t| phil buckland' 