b'' b'' b' religious people are threatened by science because it has been systematically' b'removing the physical "proofs" of god\'s existence. as time goes on we have to' b'rely more and more on faith and the spiritual world to relate to god becuase' b"science is removing our props. i don't think this is a bad thing." b'' b'first of all, i resent your assumption that you know why i' b'am threatened by science, or even that i am threatened at all,' b'although i admit the latter. the reason i am threatened by science' b"has nothing to do with my need for proof of my lord's existence--" b'god reveals himself in many ways, including, to some degree,' b'science.' b'' b'my problem with science is that often it allows us to' b'assume we know what is best for ourselves. god endowed us' b'with the ability to produce life through sexual relations,' b'for example, but he did not make that availible to everyone.' b"does that mean that if science can over-ride god's decision" b'through alterations, that god wills for us to have the power' b'to decide who should and should not be able to have' b'children? should men be allowed to have babies, if that' b'is made possible.' b'' b'people have always had the ability to end lives' b'unnaturally, and soon may have the ability to bring lives' b'into the world unnaturally. the closest thing to artificially' b'created life is artificially created death, and as god' b'has reserved judgement about when people should die to' b"himself, i believe we should rely on god's wisdom about how" b'people should be brought in to the world.' b'' b'this is not to say that i reject all forms of' b'medical treatment, however. treatment that alleviates' b'pain, or prevents pain from occuring, is perfectly' b'acceptable, i believe, as it was acceptable for jesus' b'to cure the sick. however, treatment that merely' b'prolongs life for no reason, or makes unnecessary' b'alterations to the body for mere aesthetic purposes,' b'go too far. are we not happy with the beauty god' b'gave us?' b'' b'i cannot draw a solid line regarding where i' b'would approve of scientific study, and where i would not,' b'but i will say this: before one experiments with the' b'universe to find out all its secrets, one should ask' b'why they want this knowledge. before one alters the body' b'they have been given, they should ask themseles why their' b'body is not satisfactory too them as it is. i cannot' b'make any general rules that will cover all the cases, but' b'i will say that each person should pray for guidance' b'when trying to unravel the mysteries of the universe, and' b'should cease their unravelling if they have reason to' b'believe their search is displeasing to god.' b'' b'---malcusco' 