b'' b'first, i would like to thank all who sent me their opinions on the matter' b'at hand. all advice was taken to heart, if not directly used. my friend' b'found out about the matter quite accidently. after reading some of my' b'mail, i quit from the mail reader went about my business. i must have' b'trashed my mail improperly, because he got on the same terminal the next' b'day saw my old messages. he thought they were responses to a post he' b'placed in alt.atheism earlier that week, so he read some of them before' b'realizing that they were for me. i got a message from him the next day; he' b'apologized for reading my mail said that he did not want to appear to be' b'a snoop. he said that he would be willing to talk to me about his views b"didn't mind doing so, especially with a friend. so we did. i neither" b'changed his mind nor did he change mine, as that was not the point. now he' b"knows where i'm coming from now i know where he's coming from. and all" b"that i can do is pray for him, as i've always done." b'' b'i believe the reason that he i "click" instead of "bash" heads is because' b'i see christianity as a tool for revolution, not a tool for maintaining' b'the status quo. to be quite blunt, i have more of a reason to reject god' b'than he does just by the fact that i am an african-american female.' b'christianity religion have been used as tools to separate my people from' b'the true knowledge of our history the wealth of our contributions to the' b'world society. the "kitchen of heaven" was all we had to look forward to' b'during the slave days, this mentality second-class status still exists' b'today. i, too, have rejected' b'an aspect of christianity----that of the estabished church. too much' b'hypocricy exists behind the walls of "god\'s house" beginning with the' b'images of a white jesus to that of the members: praise god on sunday b'raise hell beginning monday. god-willing, i will find a church home where' b"i can feel comfortable at-home, but i don't see it happening anytime" b'soon.' b'' b'sherlette' 