b'' b'dean velasco quoted a letter from james m stowell, president of' b'moody bible institute:' b'' b' we affirm the absolutes of scripture, not because we are arrogant' b' moralists, but because we believe in god who is truth, who has revealed' b' his truth in his word, and therefore we hold as precious the strategic' b' importance of those absolutes."' b'' b'there has been a lot of discussion, but so far nobody seems to have hit on' b'exactly what the criticism of "arrogance" is aimed at.' b'' b' <lots of stuff deleted' b'' b'this is where the "arrogance of christians" arises: many people believe' b'that their own personal research can give them absolute certainty about the' b'doctrines of christianity they are implicitly claiming that they are' b'infallible, and that there is no possibility of mistake.' b'' b'claiming that you cannot have made a mistake, and that your thinking has led' b'you to a flawless conclusion, is pretty arrogant.' b'' b'i agree with what darren has to say here, but would like to add a' b'personal observation. what i see as arrogance and the problem i have' b'with it is not a sense of personal certainty, but a lack of respect for' b'others who come to differing conclusions. clearly, this is not just' b'christian vs. non-christian; there is a whole spectrum of belief systems' b'within christianity. i do not tend to argue with others about matters' b'of personal faith because, like aesthetics, it is not demonstable by' b'objective means.' b'' b'choosing what to believe and rely on are important areas of personal' b'sovereignty. what bothers me is when others suggest that, in these' b'matters of faith, their specific beliefs are not only true to them' b'but are absolute and should be binding on others. it follows from this' b'that god must give everyone the same revelation of truth, and thus' b'anyone who comes to a different conclusion is intentionally choosing' b'the wrong path. this is the arrogance i see; a lack of respect for the' b'honest conclusions of others on matters which are between them and god.' b'even a personal certainty leaves room for the beliefs of others. it is' b'universalizing those matters of personal faith, coupled by a proud' b"notion that one's relationship with god is superior to other's, that" b'leads to arrogance. in my honest (and nonuniversal) opinion. b'' b'' b'"at the core of all well-founded belief, lies belief that is unfounded."' b' ludwig wittgenstein' b'' b'comments, criticism welcome...' b'-ken' b'' b'[it is certainly reasonable to ask for some humility about our own' b'ability to know the truth. there are also different paths in some' b"areas of practice. but i'd like to see more clarification about what" b'you mean when you reject the idea of saying "their specific beliefs' b'are not only true to them but are absolute and should be binding on' b'others." if something is true, it is true for everyone, assuming that' b'the belief is something about god, history, etc. of course something' b'of the form "i believe that it\'s best for me not to xxx" could be true' b'for some people and not others. i have suggested in the past that god' b'may be less concerned about doctrinal agreement than many people are.' b"but that doesn't mean i doubt that there is a difference between" b'true and false, nor that i think there is no benefit in finding out' b'what is true. --clh]' 