b'' b'' b' i disagree with your claim that jews were not evangelistic (except in' b' the narrow sense of the word). jewish proselytism was widespread.' b' there are numerous accounts of jewish proselytism, both in the new' b' testament and in roman and greek documents of the day.' b'' b'i am not so sure of jewish proselytism then, but i would like to relate' b'an account of a recent dinner i had with jews a few months ago.' b'' b'the dinner was instigated by the aunt of the hostess, whom i had met while' b'visiting my wife in galveston last october. the dear old aunt (now' b'deceased) was very proud of her jewish heritage, although not especially' b'devout. her parents were both murdered in nazi concentration camps in' b'austria during wwii because they were jewish. while conversing with her' b'about politics, world affairs and religion, she remarked that it would' b'be a good idea for me to visit her niece on my return to atlanta.' b'' b'within two days of returning to atlanta, her niece called to invite' b'me over for dinner with her husband. i went, not knowing really what to' b'expect, other than stimulating conversation and fellowship. what i got,' b"however, was rather unexpected. the thrust of the evening's discussion" b'was to condemn the reagan-bush policies prohibiting abortion counseling' b'in federally funded family planning clinics, prohibiting the sterilization' b'of minorities on welfare here and in puerto rico, on' b'the ban on fetal tissue research, and against the mexico city policy,' b'"which denies u.s. foreign aid to programs overseas that promote abortion."' b'' b'the crux of their position was to place the blame for the problems of' b'"overpopulation," rampant domestic crime, african starvation, unwed' b'mothers, etc., on christianity, rather on the fall of adam. now, this' b'is not what i had to come to talk about. but every time i tried to' b'bring up the subject of judaism, they would condemn jews for jesus' b'and admonish me against converting to judaism, "because it involves' b'too much study and effort." and i did not even raise the prospect, nor' b'try to convert them to the truth of christ! there was certainly no' b'jewish proselytism going on there.' b'' b'and again, last november i toured a "traditional" jewish synagogue and was' b'subjected to a 30-minute harangue against jesus and christianity in' b'general. i realize that these are two isolated incidents, and that the' b'best supervisor i ever had at work is jewish, but from my experience,' b'the modern jew is not known for his proselytism.' b'' b'' b'--' b'boundary' b'' b'no teneis que pensar que yo haya venido a traer la paz a la tierra; no he' b'venido a traer la paz, sino la guerra (mateo vulgata latina)' 