b'' b' unfaithfully yours,' b' pixie' b' p.s. if you do sincerely believe that a god exists, why do you follow' b'it blindly?' b' do the words "question authority" mean anything to you?' b' i defy any theist to reply.' b'' b'dear defiant (or unfaithful or pixie):' b'' b'i will take up the challenge to reply, as i am a theist.' b'' b'the foundation for faith in god is reason, without which the existence' b'of god could not be proven. that his existence can be proven by reason' b'is indisputable (cf. my short treatise, "traditional proofs for the' b'existence of god," and summa theologica).' b'' b'now, given that god exists, and that his existence can be proven by reason,' b'i assert that his commands must be followed blindly, although in our fallen' b'condition we must always have some measure of doubt about our faith. why?' b'' b'because god is the first cause of all things, the first mover of matter,' b'the independent thing that requires nothing else for its existence, the' b'measure of all that is perfect, and the essential being who gives order' b'to the universe (logos).' b'' b'i next assert that god is all good. if this is so, then that which is' b'contrary to the will of god is evil; i.e., the absence of the good. and,' b'since god can never contradict himself, then by his promise of a savior' b'as early as the protoevangelium of genesis god instructs that because' b"a human (adam) was first responsible for man's alienation from the source" b'of all good, a man would be required to act to restore the friendship.' b'thus god became incarnate in the person of the messiah.' b'' b'now this messiah claimed that he is the truth (john if this claim' b'is true, then we are bound by reason to follow him, who is truth incarnate.' b'' b'you next seem to have a problem with authority. have you tried the united' b'states marine corps yet? i can tell you first-hand that it is an excellent' b'instructor in authority. if you have not yet had the privilege, i will' b'reply that the authority which is truth incarnate may never be questioned,' b'and thus must be followed blindly. one may not deny the truth. for' b"example, when the proverbial apple fell on isaac newton's head, he could" b'have denied that it happened, but he did not. the laws of physics must' b'be obeyed whether a human likes them or not. they are true.' b'' b'therefore, the authority which is truth may not be denied.' b'' b'qed' b'' b'--' b'boundary' b'' b'no teneis que pensar que yo haya venido a traer la paz a la tierra; no he' b'venido a traer la paz, sino la guerra (mateo vulgata latina)' 