b'' b'for src' b'' b'in most languages, the feast of the resurrection of our lord is' b'known as the pasch, or pasque, or some variation thereof, a word' b'which comes from the hebrew pesach, meaning "passover." in english,' b'german, and a few related languages, however, it is known as easter,' b'or some variation thereof, and questions have been asked about the' b'origin of this term.' b'' b'one explanation is that given by the venerable bede in his de' b'ratione temporum where he derives the word from the name of an' b'anglo-saxon goddess of spring called eastre. bede is a great' b'scholar, and it is natural to take his word for it. but he lived' b'673-735, and augustine began preaching in kent in the use of' b'the word easter to describe the feast would have been well' b'established before the birth of bede and probably before the birth' b'of anyone he might have discussed the subject with. it seems likely' b'that his derivation is just a guess, based on his awareness that' b'there had been an anglo-saxon goddess of spring bearing that name,' b'and the resemblance of the words. thus, if the said resemblance' b'(surely it is not surprising that a personification of spring should' b'have a name similar to the word for dawn) is not in istelf' b'convincing, the testimony (or rather the conjecture) by bede does' b'not make it more so.' b'' b'assuming that bede was right, that would not justify saying that the' b'christian celebration (which, after all, had been going on for some' b'centuries before the name easter was applied to it) has pagan roots.' b'it would simply mean that the anglo-saxons, upon becoming christians' b'and beginning to celebrate the resurrection by a festival every' b'spring, called it by the name that to them meant simply "spring' b'festival."' b'' b"however, bede's is not the only theory that has been proposed. j" b'knoblech, in "die sprach," zeitschrift fuer sprachwissenschaft b'(vienna, offers the following derivation:' b'' b'among latin-speaking christians, the week beginning with the feast' b'of the resurrection was known as "hebdomada alba" (white week),' b'since the newly-baptized christians were accustomed to wear their' b'white baptismal robes throughout that week. sometimes the week was' b'referred to simply as "albae." translaters rendering this into' b'german mistook it for the plural of "alba," meaning "dawn." they' b'accordingly rendered it as eostarum, which is old high german for' b'"dawn." this gave rise to the form easter in english.' b'' b'yours,' b'james kiefer' b'' b'' b"[no, i'm not interested in restarting discussions of the propriety" b'of celebrating easter. however this seems like it contains enough' b'interesting information that people might like to see it. --clh]' 