b'' b"hi... i'm not a religious guy so dont take this as some kinda flame (thanx" b'in advance)' b'' b'i want to know why there are so many different versions of the bible? there' b'is this version of the bible i have read about and on the front page it says:' b'"....contains inaccurate data and inconsistencies."' b'' b'thanx in advance... shaz....' b'' b"[i'm not sure quite what you mean by many different versions." b'the primary distinction in versions you see today is in the style' b"of the translation. it's pretty unusual to see significant" b'differences in meaning. there are a few differences in the underlying' b"text. that's because before printing, manuscripts were copied by" b'hand. slight differences resulted. there are enough manuscripts' b'around that scholars can do a pretty good job of recreating the' b'original, but there are some uncertainties. fortunately, they are' b'generally at the level of minor differences in wording. there are' b'something like or places where whole sentences are involved,' b"but with recent discoveries of older manuscripts, i don't think there's" b'much uncertainly about those cases. as far as i know, no christians' b'believe that the process of copying manuscripts or the process of' b"translating is free of error. but i also don't think there's" b'enough uncertainty in establishing the text or translating it that' b'it has much practical effect.' b'' b'whether the bible contains inaccurate data and inconsistences is a hot' b'topic of debate here. many christians deny it. some accept it' b'(though most would say that the inaccuracies involved are on details' b"that don't affect the faith). but this has nothing to do with there" b'being multiple versions. the supposed inconsistences can be found in' b"all the versions. i'm surprised to find a reference to this on the" b"title page though. what version are you talking about? i've been" b'referring to major scholarly translations. these are what get' b'referenced in postings here and elsewhere. there have certainly been' b'editions that are (to be kind) less widely accepted. this includes' b'everything from reconstructions that combine parallel accounts into' b'single narrations, to editions that omit material that the editor' b'objects to for some reason or the other. the copyright on the bible' b'has long since expired, so there nothing to stop people from making' b'editions that do whatever wierd thing they want. however the editions' b'that are widely used are carefully prepared by groups of scholars from' b'a variety of backgrounds, with lots of crosschecks. i could imagine' b'one of the lesser-known editions claiming to have fixed up all' b"inaccurate data and inconsistencies. but if so, it's not any edition" b"that's widely used. the widely used ones leave the text as is." b"(weeeeelllllll, almost as is. it's been alleged that a few" b'translations have fudged a word or two here and there to minimize' b'inconsistencies. because translation is not an exact science, there' b'are always going to be differences in opinion over which word is best,' b"i'm afraid.)" b'' b'--clh]' 