b'' b'regarding "jesus only" believers, our moderator writes:' b'' b'[there may be some misunderstanding over terms here...]' b'' b'i agree. quite likely, actually.' b'' b'[...i believe "jesus' b'only" originally was in the context of baptism. these are folks who' b'believe that baptism should be done with a formula mentioning only' b'jesus, rather than father, son, and holy spirit. this may have' b'doctrinal implications, but as far as i know it does not mean that' b"these folks deny the existence or divinity of the father. i'm not the" b'right one to describe this theology, and in fact i think there may be' b'several, including what would classically be called monophysite or' b'arian (two rather different views), as well as some who have beliefs' b"that are probably consistent with trinitarian standards, but who won't" b'use trinitarian language because they misunderstand it or simply' b'because it is not biblical. --clh]' b'' b'not biblical? what then can they make of the end of matthew?' b'' b'(28:18)and jesus came and said to them, "all authority in heaven and on' b'earth has been given to me. (19)go therefore and make disciples of all' b'nations, baptizing them in the name of the father and of the son and' b'of the holy spirit, and teaching them to obey everything that i' b'have commanded to you. and remember, i am with you always, to the end' b'of the age." {other ancient authorities add *amen*} [nrsv]' b'' b'the notes give no sense that this is emended. do other texts' b'contradict this regarding baptism? or is a misunderstanding of the' b'trinity the most likely explanation after all?' b'' b'but maybe i simply misunderstand their views. (is anyone else out there' b'forced to read this group with both a good bible and an unabridged' b'dictionary?? christianity really is an education in itself.)' b'' b'--' b'------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b'[arrgggghhhh. when i talked about people who rejected trinitarian' b'language as unbiblical, i was speaking of trinitarian theology, things' b'like "one essense and three persons". obviously the three-fold' b'baptismal formula is biblical, as you point out. (i normally use the' b'term "three-fold" in referring to mat. while it is certainly' b'consistent with belief in the trinity, the trinity is a doctrine whose' b"full formulation occurred in the 4th and 5th cent's. it's unlikely" b'that mat. had in mind the fully-developed trinitarian doctrine.' b'indeed the three-fold baptismal formula is used by some groups that do' b'not believe in the trinity.) the disagreement over baptismal formulae' b'occurs because of passages such as acts which command baptism in' b'the name of jesus. (there are a couple of other passages in acts as' b"well.) this leaves us with sort of a problem: we're commanded in mat." b'to baptize in the name of the father, the son, and the holy spirit,' b'and in acts to baptize in the name of jesus.' b'' b'"jesus only" groups baptize in the name of jesus. they consider this' b'consistent with mat because they say that jesus is the name of' b"the father, the son, and the holy spirit. i'm not the right one to" b'ask to explain what this means. i will simply say that it does not' b'appear to be normal trinitarian theology. (it is also an odd way of' b'dealing with the idiomatic phrase "in the name of".)' b'' b"those who use the three-fold formula don't seem to have a standard" b'answer to the passages talking about baptizing in the name of jesus.' b'i suspect that the most common explanation is to say that "in the name' b'of" need not be a verbal formula. to say that you baptize in the name' b"of jesus may simply mean that you are doing baptism under jesus'" b'authority. in the 1st cent. context, it contrasts christian baptism' b"with the baptism of john or other jewish baptism. of course there's a" b'certain parallelism between these passages. that suggests that we' b"could just as well say that mat doesn't require the specific" b'three-fold formula to be used in baptism, but simply characterizes' b'baptism done by those who follow the father, son, and holy spirit.' b'' b'one might well suspect that in the early church, more than one' b'baptismal formula was used. so long as we consider following jesus to' b'be the same as following the father, son, and holy spirit, no great' b'damage would be done by such a difference. this does *not* mean that' b'i think we should go back to using both formulae. baptism is one of' b'the few things that almost all christian groups now recognize' b'mutually, so i do not think doing something to upset that would be in' b'the interests of the gospel. this is reinforced by the fact that' b'those groups that actually use "in the name of jesus" now do seem to' b"have in mind a difference in doctrine. but as i've said before, i'm" b'not the one to explain what their doctrine is.' b'' b'--clh]' 