b'' b'{dan johnson asked for evidence that the most effective abuse' b"recovery programs involve meeting people's spiritual needs." b'' b'i responded:' b'in 12-step programs (like alcoholics anonymous), one of the steps' b'involves acknowleding a "higher power". aa and other 12-step abuse-' b'recovery programs are acknowledged as being among the most effective.}' b'' b'dan johnson clarified:' b'what i was asking is this:' b'' b'please show me that the most effective substance-absure recovery' b"programs involve meetinsg peoples' spiritual needs, rather than" b"merely attempting to fill peoples' spiritual needs as percieved" b'by the people, a.a, s.r.c. regulars, or snoopy.' b'' b'you are asking me to provide objective proof for the existence of' b'god. i never claimed to be able to do this; in fact i do not believe' b'that it is possible to do so. i consider the existence of god to' b'be a premise or assumption that underlies my philosophy of life.' b"it comes down to a matter of faith. if i weren't a christian, i" b'would be an agnostic, but i have sufficient subjective evidence to' b'justify and sustain my relationship with god. again this is a matter' b'of premises and assumptions. i assume that there is more to "life, the' b'universe and everything" than materialism; ie that spirituality exists.' b'this assumption answers the question about why i have apparent spiritual' b'needs. i find this assumption consistent with my subsequent observat-' b'ions. i then find that god fills these spiritual needs. but i cannot' b'objectively prove the difference between apparent filling of imagined' b'spiritual needs and real filling of real spiritual needs. nor can i' b'prove to another person that _they_ have spiritual needs.' b'==' b'seanna watson bell-northern research, pray that at the end of living,' b'| god will find his people busy' b'opinion, what opinions? oh *these* opinions. planting trees and sowing seeds.' b"no, they're not bnr's, they're mine. b"i knew i'd left them somewhere. --fred kaan" 