b'' b'the people who post to this particular newsgroup are either too cowardly,' b'too arrogant, or too apathetic to discuss this issue since i have yet to' b'see any discussion grace my computer screen. while it holds particular' b'interest to the african-american community, everyone has something to gain' b'from discussing it. as any knowledgable person should know, christianity' b'has been used in this country to tighten the spiritual, emotional, mental' b'hold slavery placed on the minds, souls hearts of african-americans.' b'this was most effectively done by the display of white icons of jesus in' b'slave churches to encourage the godly superiority of slaveowners. it' b"wasn't enough that the slaveowner was your provider, but he was also your" b'god, to be looked upon with unconditional love loyalty and to be' b'worshipped with great pride. but how culturally biblically accurate are' b'these icons? pictures statues of a black jesus have been found in' b'european countries, as that of a black madonna. but what about biblical' b'physical descriptions of jesus, his hair being compared to that of wool,' b'his feet to that of brass? and think about the area of the world where all' b'biblical actions took place. i welcome all intelligent commentary on this' b'important topic; flamers need not reply.' b'' b'sherlette' b'' b'p.s. i expect at least this type of response: "it doesn\'t matter what' b'color his skin was; his actions what he did for mankind are what counts."' b'this is true; i am not questioning this. but he walked the earth for b'decades as a human; this part of his existence intrigues me. and as for' b'saying that "it doesn\'t matter..." to a member of a physically emancipated' b'people who is still struggling for mental emancipation, believe me: it' b'matters.' b'' b'[the general attack on the members of this group seems unjustified.' b"there has been discussion of this issue in the past. we can't discuss" b"everything at once, so the fact that some specific thing hasn't been" b"discussed recently shouldn't be taken as a sign of general cowardice," b'arrogance or apathy. in past discussions no one has been outraged by' b'suggestions that jesus could be black (and it has been suggested by a' b'few scholars), but the concensus is that he was most likely semitic.' b'as you probably know, there is a tradition that portrayals of jesus in' b"art tends to show him as one of the people. thus you wouldn't be" b'surprised to find african art showing him as black, and oriental art' b'showing him as oriental. there are good reasons relating to christian' b"devotion to think of him in such a way. it's also good now and then" b'to have that image challenged, and to think of jesus as being a member' b'of xxx, where xxx is the group you least respect. --clh]' 