b'' b'(dean and i write lots and lots about absolute truth and arrogance.)' b'' b' i strongly suspect that we are reaching an impasse here, which is why i' b' deign from commenting much further.' b'' b"i agree that we'll probably never agree, and i'm starting to feel" b"frustrated, and i'm tired of having my conversations with my husband" b'dominated by this topic (just kidding, b'' b'i do have to say, though, that participating in this discussion has been' b'a good learning experience for me. my views on this topic have evolved' b'and clarified through this, and i suspect that we may not disagree as' b'much as we think.' b'' b"i admit that i'm strongly prejudiced against evangelical christianity," b'and i may not always be rational in my reactions to it. i grew up' b'in ec, and went to an ec college. it was definitely the wrong place' b'for me, and i react strongly to any implication that ec or conservative' b'christianity has any sort of stronghold on true christianity. i shudder' b'when i remember the condescending attitude i had about other christians' b"who didn't adhere to the ec model." b'' b'i have come to see that my real objection to this whole notion of' b'absolute truth is the actions i have seen it lead to. i have had some' b'very bad experiences with evangelical christians claiming to know the' b'truth, and judging me or others based on their belief that they have' b"the answers. knowing the truth doesn't seem to leave a whole lot of" b"room for others' opinions." b'' b"i can accept your belief in absolute truth as long as you* don't try to" b'use that belief to try to force others to comply with it, and you are' b"very careful that you don't hurt others with it. love your neighbor" b'seems to go totally out the window when one knows the truth and believes' b'that everyone should be living by that truth. other people have' b'convictions about the truth every bit as strong and sincere as yours,' b'based on careful searching, prayer, and their relationship with god.' b"don't dismiss them because god didn't lead them to the same conclusions" b'as yours.' b'' b'*this is not directed personally at you, dean.' b'' b'carol alvin' 