b'' b'"we look for the resurrection of the dead, and the' b'life of the world to come." nicene-constantinopolitan creed.' b'' b"i always took the 'resurrection' in this statement to mean the" b'resurrection of the soul, but i guess resurrection does strictly mean' b'the raising of the physical body. i have some questions on this point:' b'' b'the next time you go to church, you can check the better creed, that is,' b'the apostles\' creed. it says: "the resurrection of the body." should' b"have learned that on the first go around. but what's a body without" b"a little bit a'soul?" b'' b'1. i always thought that christians believe the descent into hell was' b'pretty much immediate, and that there are people burning in hell right' b'now. where will my "soul"' b"(which, by the way, i don't believe in) exist until that time?" b'' b'at the risk of offending everybody, i will interject the 13th century' b'point of view. christ descended immediately into the bosom of abraham' b'to set captives captive. he preached to the saved for three days before' b"drawing them with him back to this earth. i'm no expert on this part," b'but matthew says about the death of jesus: "tombs were opened,' b'and the bodies of many saints who had fallen asleep were raised. and' b'coming forth from the tombs after his resurrection, they entered the' b'holy city and appeared to many." (nab) regarding the hell of the' b'damned, of which you speak, christ did not see it (ps acts b'although it saw him (cf. is b'' b"concerning the abodes of the dead, i don't want to subject my brethren" b'to further anguish, so i will direct you to contact me through e-mail' b'if you are genuinely concerned.' b'' b'2. will the new body i will have be created out of the same atoms' b'that my body now is made of, or will it be built from scratch?' b'' b"your new body might be something like adam's before his fateful encounter" b'with the just one (acts cr trans. vulgate): filled with infused' b'knowledge, absent of concupiscence, and immortal. it would probably be' b'a little glorified, too.' b'' b'3. since i will have a physical body, i assume it will need a physical' b'place to exist in where is this hell? in the center of the earth?' b'do you think we could find it if we dig?' b'' b"i wouldn't recommend it. it's really hot down at the center of the earth!" b'you know, the normal geothermal gradient, and all that.' b'' b'regards.' b'' b'--' b'boundary, the catechist' b'' b'no teneis que pensar que yo haya venido a traer la paz a la tierra; no he' b'venido a traer la paz, sino la guerra (mateo vulgata latina)' 