b'' b'' b'one of the laws of nature, specifying cause and effect seems to dictate' b"(at least to this layman's mind) there must be a causal event. no" b'reasonable alternative exists.' b'' b'the big-bang model supposes a temporal singularity at the point of' b'origin. there was _no_ time for a prior cause to occur in. if you' b'want to invent fables for the surrounding context, fine, but one fable' b'is only as good as any other. why should i prefer to believe in a god that' b'_just_ exists, as opposed to a singularity that _just happened_, or' b'giant puce subspace iguanas, that fling universes off their tongues' b'like gobs of spit?' b'' b'|as far as i can tell, the very laws of nature demand a "why". that isn\'t' b'|true of something outside of nature (i.e., *super*natural).' b'' b'i believe the "genetic code" will be entirely deciphered in our lifetimes,' b'but we will not see man convert entirely inert material into self sustaining,' b"reproducing life, *ever*. (i've never been much of a prophet, though. i" b"can't even *picture* new york in my mind i don't believe *any*" b'technology would be able to produce that necessary *spark* of life, despite' b'having all of the parts available. just my opinion.' b'' b'just your opinion, and unfortunately wrong. self assembling molecules' b'have already been produced, entirely from inert matter, and have' b'spontaneously mutated into a more rapidly assembling form on exposure' b'to ultraviolet light. both abiogenesis and the beginnings of evolution,' b'today. (saw this in "nature", early last year.)' b'' b'biological vitalism is dead, and has been dead for many, many years.' b"give it up. life is not a 'spark'. life is the self-organization" b'of systems poised between chaos and order.' b'' b'until the king returns,' b'' b'jason' b'' b'your king baldly and repeatedly stated he would be back within the lifetime' b'of some then present and alive. "soon, soon" he said, over and over as' b'have many would be messiahs.' b'' b'it is nineteen ninety three' b'of years anno domini' b'tell me, tell me, where is he?' b'nowhere at all, q. e. d.' b'' b'max g. webb' b'' b'[i should have watched this more closely. we had a discussion about' b"the first cause, etc., not long ago. i'm not up for a replay." b'there was also a detailed discussion of the point max brings up' b'here about the initial singularity. the geometry near the big bang' b'is very interesting. time turns into space, so there is no "before".' b'--clh]' 