b'' b'ofm responds to a query about reference works:' b'' b'[aside from a commentary, you might also want to consider an' b'introduction. these are books intended for use in undergraduate bible' b'courses. they give historical background, discussion of literary' b'styles, etc. and generally they have good bibligraphies for further' b"reading. i typically recommend kee, froehlich and young's nt" b'introduction...' b'' b'two other intros to consider:' b'' b'the "introduction" by ku:mmel is a translation of a strandard nt text.' b'the references are slightly dated and the style is somewhat dense, but' b'the book contains a wealth of information.' b'' b"perrin and duling's intro is also very good. it's somewhat more" b"modern than ku:mmel's but not quite so densely packed. also the" b'authors tend to go through the books of the nt in the historical order' b'of composition; this gives a very useful perspective on the' b'development of the nt.' b'' b'... there are also some good one-volume commentaries. probably the' b"best recommendation these days would be harper's bible commentary." b'' b'a slight dissent: i think the harper\'s is "ok" but not great. one' b'particular problem i have is that it tends to be pretty skimpy on' b'bibliographic material. my feeling is that it is ok for quick' b'look-ups, but not real useful for study in depth (e.g. i keep a copy' b'in my office at work).' b'' b'... (i think there may be a couple of books with this title...' b'' b'so far as i know there is the only one book with this exact title' b'(james l mays, general editor, harper and row, although i think' b'i recall a (older) series under the name "harper commentaries". also' b"there's a separate harper's bible dictionary (most of my comments on" b'the hc also apply to the hbd.)' b'' b'my favorite one-volume commentary is the "new jerome biblical' b'commentary". the njbc is rather catholic in focus and somewhat biased' b'towards the nt. (the reader can decide for her- or himself whether' b'these are pluses or minuses.) in any case the scholarship is by and' b'large excellent.' b'' b'note: the njbc is a completely reworked, updated version of the' b'"jerome biblical commentary", copies of which can still be found on' b'sale.' b'' b'nichael' 