b'' b'' b'| i have another question i would like to ask. i am not yet affiliated' b'| with any one congregation. aside from matters of taste, what criteria' b"| should one use in choosing a church? i don't really know the difference" b'| between the various protestant denominations.' b'' b'here in america people tend to think of choosing a church much like they' b'think of choosing a car or a country club. what i mean is that our' b'culture is such that we tend towards satisfying our own wants rather' b'than considering things with others in mind and not making prayer' b'an initial and primary part of the decision process. people tend to' b'treat church as they would a club and when something is less than to' b'their liking, off they go to another one.' b'' b'i think that scripture presents the idea that god takes a different' b'perspective on the "church choosing process". it seems to me from 1cor b"that god doesn't subscribe to the idea of us choosing a church at all" b'but that he places us in the body as he wants us. so, i think a better' b'question is not how do i choose a church but how do i figure out where' b'god is trying to place me.' b'' b'if a person was instrumental in leading you to christ, the church they' b'go to is a logical first choice. you have been born into the family of' b'god. people should hop around from church to church as often as they' b'hop from natural family to family.' b'' b'if you met the lord on your own (so to speak) there may not be an' b'easily identifiable church to try for starters. here you are more' b'like an orphan. prayerfully go and "leave yourself on a few doorsteps"' b'and see if anyplace feels like home.' b'' b"i wouldn't expect that god want to place you in a church where you" b'have difficulty fitting in with the people, but on the other hand' b'there are no perfect churches. if you have an attitude of looking' b'for problems you will both find them and make them. on the other hand' b'if you have an attitude of love and committment, you will spread that' b'wherever you go.' b'' b'in general, i think that god will try to place you in a church that' b'talks about the lord in the way that you have come to know him and is' b'expanding on that base.' b'--' b'peter white' b'disclaimer: none of what is written necessarily reflects' b'a view of my company.' b'phil i want to know christ and the power of his' b'3:10 \tresurrection and the fellowship of sharing in' b'niv\t\this sufferings, becoming like him in his death' 