b'' b'julie, it is a really trying situation that you have described. my' b'brother was living with someone like that and things were almost as bad' b'(although he left after a considerably shorter amount of time due to' b'other problems with the relationship). anyway, the best thing to do' b'would be to get everyone in the same room together (optimally in a room' b'with nothing breakable), lock the door behind you, throw the key out' b'underneath the door (just as far as the longest hand can reach. you' b'would like to get out after the conclusion, i would imagine), and hash' b'things out. more than likely, there will be screaming, crying, and' b'possibly hitting (unless of course someone decided to bring some rope to' b'tie people down). some of the best strategies in keeping things calmer' b'would include:' b'have each individual own their own statements (ie, i feel that this' b"relationship is hurting everyone involved because.... or i really don't" b"understand where you're coming from.)" b'reinforce statements by paraphrasing, etc. (ie, so you think that we' b'did this because of...? well, let me just say that the reason for this' b'was b"don't accuse each other (it was your fault that happened!)" b'find a common ground about something (lampshades really are' b'decorational and functional at the same time.)' b'guaranteed, in a situation like this, there is going to be some' b'gunnysacking (re-hashing topics which were assumed resolved, but were' b'truly not and someone feels someone else is to blame). however, this' b'should be kept to a minimum and simply ask for forgiveness or apologize' b'about each situation without holding a smoldering grudge.' b'' b"the relationship really can work. it's just a matter of keeping things" b"smooth and even. it's sort of like making a peace treaty between" b"warring factions: you can't give one side everything; there must be a" b'compromise. breaks can be taken, but communication between everyone' b'involved must continue if the relationships here are to survive.' b'' b'joe fisher' 