b'' b're: are you christian or pauline?' b'both.' b'' b'sure, why not? but, are you using paul to correct the words of jesus?' b'' b'there is no doubt in my mind about what is sin and what is' b'not, at least not in this case. jesus did not deal explicitly with' b'the question of whether the law was binding on gentiles.' b'' b'"so *anyone* who dissolves even one of the smallest commands and teaches' b'others the same way, will be known as the lowest in the kingdom of the' b'skies; whereas *anyone* who keeps the commands and teaches them too, will' b'be known as *someone* great in the kingdom of the skies." mat5:19 (gaus)' b'' b'are you an "anyone" or are you a "no one?"' b'' b"why not assume, that since jesus didn't say that his words apply only to" b'jews, that they apply to all human beings, irregardless of race or sex?' b'' b'why not assume, that even though jesus did not mention your name, still' b'jesus was talking directly to you?' b'' b"that's why i" b'have to cite evidence such as the way jesus dealt with the centurion.' b'as to general jewish views on this, i am dependent largely on studies' b"of pauline theology, one by h.j. schoeps, and one whose author i can't" b'come up with at the moment. both authors are jews. also, various' b'christian and non-christian jews have discussed the issue here and in' b'other newsgroups.' b'mat is clear that the law is still valid. it does not say that' b'it applies to gentiles.' b'' b'does it say that it applies to *you*? are you anyone or no one?' b'' b'and yes, i say that the specific requirement for worship on the' b"sabbath in the ten commandments is a ceremonial detail, when you're" b'looking at the obligations of gentiles.' b'' b'ex20:8-11(jps) remember the sabbath day and keep it holy. six days you' b'shall labor and do all your work, but the seventh day is a sabbath of' b'the lord your god; you shall not do any work you, your son or' b'daughter, your male or female slave, or your cattle, or the stranger who' b'is within your settlements. for in six days the lord made heaven and' b'earth and sea, and all that is in them, and he rested on the seventh' b'day; therefore the lord blessed the sabbath day and hollowed it.' b'' b'note: there is no specific requirement for worship here, however i for' b'one would not be so bold as to call these verses a "ceremonial detail."' b'' b'similarly circumcision.' b'' b"don't many christians still practice circumcision?" b'' b"i'm not sure quite what else i can say on this subject. again, it's" b"unfortunate the jesus didn't answer the question directly." b'' b"it's unfortunate that jesus didn't use your name directly, or maybe" b'jesus did? are you somebody or nobody?' b'' b'however we' b'do know what the 1st cent. jewish approach was, how jesus' b"dealt with at least one gentile, and how jesus' disciples dealt" b"with the issue when it became more acute (i'm referring to acts b"more than paul). given that these are all in agreement, i don't see" b"that there's a big problem." b'' b"if you don't see a problem, then perhaps there is none. as paul closes" b'romans (gaus):' b'' b'in short, pursue the ends of peace and of building each other up.' b"don't let dietary considerations undo the work of god. everything may be" b"clean, but it's evil for the person who eats it in an offensive spirit." b'better not to eat the meat or drink the wine or whatever else your' b'brother is offended by. as for the faith that you have, keep that' b"between yourself and god. the person is in luck who doesn't condemn" b'himself for what he samples. on the other hand, the person with doubts' b"about something who eats it anyway is guilty, because he isn't acting on" b'his faith, and any failure to act on faith is a sin.' b'' b'[as far as i know, christians (except specific jewish christian' b'groups, and maybe some of the sabbatarians both of which are very' b'small groups) do not practice circumcision on religious grounds. in' b"some countries it has been done for supposed health reasons, but i've" b'not heard it argued that it is being done because of the biblical' b'commandment. --clh]' 