b'' b'here are some notes about what the church is to be like and some helpful' b'ideas about how to choose a church:' b'' b'colossians b'a. jesus is the head of the body, the church' b'b. you cannot say "yes" to jesus, but "no" to the church' b'' b'ephesians b'a. the church is the family of god' b'b. the church is based on the word of god only' b'cornerstone=christ' b'foundation= apostles=new testament' b'prophets=old testament (see revelation b'' b'1 corinthians b'a. baptism is when we become a member of the church' b'' b'as for the question of denominations:' b'a. the bible teaches that there is only one church from ephesians' b'4:4-6, romans corinthians b'b. corinthians says that there should be no divisions in' b'the church. there should be no following of personalities in the church' b'(and in time, their writings)' b'c. there are so many churches today because of a problem. timothy' b'4:1-4 says that people will turn away from the truth and try to find a' b'church that teaches a doctrine that suits their lifestyle' b'' b'hebrews b'a. do not miss church' b'b. purpose is to encourage each other, so we will remain faithful.' b'involved on a relationship level in the church' b'c. must come to all services' b'' b'another verse which is helpful is hebrews the church should be' b'encouraging daily, as it is their duty to do.' b'' b'of course, more standards apply:' b'1 timothy people in the church should be watching their lives' b'and doctrines to make sure they both live up to the word entirely (ie,' b'disciples).' b'acts the pastor does not come close to the apostle paul' b'(natural conclusion since the apostle paul talked with jesus directly' b"face to face), so if the bereans, who were considered noble, didn't take" b'paul at his word but checked out what he said with scripture to verify' b'his statements, then church members are to do the same and verify the' b"pastor's statements. if they are not verifiable or valid in light of" b"other verses, then that group should be avoided as a church (would've" b'made a wonderful suggestion to the waco group, especially in light of' b'matthew b'' b'joe fisher' 