b'' b'd. andrew kille writes:' b'' b'are you suggesting that god supports genocide?' b'perhaps the germans were "punishing" jews on god\'s behalf?' b'' b'any god who works that way is indescribably evil, and unworthy of' b'my worship or faith.' b'' b'the bible does tell us that governments are ordained by god (romans b'and furthermore, god foreknows everything that would happen. it is' b'just to difficult for humans to graps with our limited minds, the' b"inevitablity of the sucess of god's plan, and this is especially hard to" b'grasp when we see governemnts doing evil. however, though they are' b'doing evil (and we should not cooperate with them when they do such), it' b'must be understood that what happens is what god wanted so as to lead to' b'the final sucess of his plan to save as many souls from hell as is' b'possible. in short, the slaughter in bosnia, though deplorable in the' b'eyes of god (maybe, then again, they might be getting their just deserts' b'now rather than later; there are plenty of examples of god killing' b'people for their sins onan in the old testmament for example, and' b'annias and spahira in the new) is what he willed to happen so that his' b'plan might be accomplished.' b"but don't forget, it is not unbiblical for god to use one nation to" b'execute his just judgement upon another. the romans were used to' b'fulfill the chorus of "let his blood be upon our hands" of the crowd in' b'jersualem. and chaldea was chastised by babylon, which got israel,' b'which was inturn gotten by persia, etc. god does use nations to punish' b'other nations, as the bible very clearly shows in the old testament.' b'don\'t you remember the words of god recorded in daniel, "mene, mene,' b'tekel, peres?" babylon had been weighed in the balance scales of god\'s' b'justice, found severly wanting, and was thus given over to the persians' b'as their due punishment for their rebellion. another exammple is the' b'extirmination of the cannanites, ordered by god as the task of israel.' b'the cannanites had been given their chance, found severly wanting, and' b'the great judge, carried out his just sentence accrodingly. i could go' b'on with more examples, but i see little need to do so, as my point is' b'quite clear.' b'two things need to be remembered at all times. it is not up to us to' b'question why god has ordered the world as he has. in his divine wisdom,' b'he made the world as was best in his eyes, and like paul says in romans' b'9, the clay is not one to tlak back to the potter. the message of' b'jesus christ is as follows: "repent now, for the kingdom of heaven is at' b'hand." jesus christ did not allow any time for dilly-dallying "let' b'the dead bury the dead, come, follow me." there is not an infinite' b'amount of time, rather christ is passing by right now, calling people to' b'follow him and become fishers of men. he does not say, "well, alright,' b'you can call me back in a week and see if my kingdom fits in with your' b'plans." he said "follow me." his message is not "i\'m just a sweety-pie' b"who would never hurt a fly, you've got all the time in the world, and" b'divine judgement, that\'s only a fairy tale." "our great god and savior"' b'jesus christ (titus is also the just and righteous judge of the' b'world. and it is not up to the defendants in the trial to be' b'questioning his entirely just sentences of either chastisement or mercy.' b'' b'd. andrew byler' b'"does not he who ways the heart perceive [sin], and will he not judge' b'men according to their works?" proverbs 