b'' b'this subject seems to be incredibly inflammatory. those who subscribe to' b'_biblical archaeology review_ will remember a spectacular letter battle set off when someone' b'complained about a franklin mint ad. (_bar_ is a great magazine, but the' b'contrast between the rather scholarly articles and the incredibly sleazy ads' b'is extreme.) in this ad, they were hawking a doll with a head based on the' b'famous bust of nefertiti, giving the face a typical doll-pink complexion.' b'the letter complained about this as a misrepresentation on the grounds that' b'nefertiti was "a beautiful black queen." this set off an exchange of' b'hotheaded letters than ran for several issues, to the point where they had' b'an article from an egyptologist titled "was cleopatra black?" (the answer' b'to the title is "no"-- she was greek.)' b'' b'i have to say that i hear a hysterical note in much of the complaining. i' b'personally have seen only one blond-haired jesus (in the national shrine in' b'wash. dc), and i found it very jarring. western representations vary' b'enourmously, but in general the image of is of a youngish male with dark' b'hair and beard, of a sort that can be found (modulo the nose) all up and' b'down the mediterranean.' b'' b'(also, if what i remember is correct, the "black madonna" doesn\'t represent' b'a person with negroid features. it is black because of an accident. joe' b'buehler....?)' b'' b'in the presence of all those marble statues, one is prone to forget that' b'greeks are rather likely to have black hair. when one crosses the bosporus,' b'the situation breaks down completely. are turks white? how about persians,' b'or various groups in the indian subcontinent? was gandhi white? how about' b'the arabs? or picture nassar and sadat standing side by side. and then' b'there are the ethiopians....' b'' b'those of a white racist bent are not likely to say that *any* of these' b'people are "white" (i.e., of the racist\'s "race"). if i may risk a' b'potentially inflammatory remark, one undercurrent of this seems to be the' b'identification of modern jews as members of the oppressor race. considering' b'the extreme dicotomy between medieval religion on the one hand and medieval' b'antisemitism on the other, i don\'t think that this "jesus was white" thesis' b'ever played the roles that some hold it did.' b'' b'representations of jesus as black or korean or whatever are fine. it seems' b"awfully self-serving to insist that jesus belongs to one's own racial group." b'--' b'c. wingate "the peace of god, it is no peace,' b'+ but strife closed in the sod.' b'tove!mangoe the marv\'lous peace of god."' 