b'' b'' b' those with bibles on hand can give the exact chapter verse...' b' at the time jesus told peter that he was the "rock", he said' b' whatever you hold true on earth is held true in heaven, and' b" whatever you don't hold true won't be true in heaven." b'' b' therefore, with respect to marriage, the ceremony has to be' b' done by an rc priest. no big parties required. just the priest,' b' the couple and witnesses. "divorce" is not allowed. but anullments' b' are granted upon approval by either the bishop or the pope' b' (not sure if the pope delegates this function).' b'' b"maybe i'm a little tired but i can't seem to follow the logic here. if" b'whatever is held true on earth is held true in heaven how is it that a priest' b'(rc only apparently) is required.' b'' b'in fact if i read the next verse correctly (matthew i understand that' b'for a marriage to take place only two are required to agree on earth touching' b'one thing and it shall be done.' b'' b'todd' b'' b'' b' b' b" mark ashley |disclaimer: my opinions. not harris'" b' the lost los angelino b'' b"[unfortunately i haven't been able to find any completely precise" b'statements about what is needed. (as usual, the current edition of' b'the catholic encyclopedia is frustratingly vague.) i do know that the' b'priest is viewed as a witness, and thus in some sense would not be' b'required. however part of the purpose of formal marriage is to avoid' b'any ambiguity about who has and has not taken on the commitment. the' b'community provides support to marriage, and in cases of problems are' b'involved in helping to make sure that the people carry out as much of' b'their commitment as possible. thus marriage must be a public' b'commitment. the presence of a priest is required for a regular' b"marriage. where i'm not clear is exactly where the boundaries are in" b'exceptional cases ("valid but irregular"). ne temere says that' b'no marriage involving a catholic is valid without a priest (according' b'to the oxford dictionary of the church), and they imply that the new' b"canon law retains this, but i'd rather see a more recent and" b'authoritative source. note that while a catholic priest is required' b'for catholics, the catholic church does recognize marriage between' b'baptized non-catholics as valid without a priest. --clh]' 