b'' b'' b'a "new christian" wrote that he was new to the faith and' b'learning about it "by reading the bible, of course". i am not' b'at all sure this is the best path to follow.' b'while the bible is, for christians, the word of god, the' b'revelation of god is jesus christ and the chief legacy of this' b'revalation is the church. i am not recommending any one' b'denommination, but i do recommend finding a comfortable christian' b'congregation in which to develop your faith, rather than just' b'reading the bible.' b'this does not mean that the bible should not be read, although' b'i would stick to the gospels, epistles, and psalms and avoid the' b'book of revelation altogether [until you are with friends you are' b'comfortable with]. i am sure that mistakenly fervent projects to' b'read the entire bible have frequently bogged down with a remarkable' b'lack of fervour somewhere in the middle of leviticus, or for the really' b'sturdy, somewhere in chronicles.' b'the point is that the bible is their to illustrate the faith' b'of christians, but does not provide the totality of that faith. vital' b'beliefs of virtually all christians are simply not mentioned b'the trinity, the duality of natures in christ, types of church' b'organization. all these beliefs and practices have developed from the' b'lived experience of the christian people, an experience lived one' b'hopes in the spirit. as such the bible, i think, is better studies' b'in the context of a congregation, and the context of other reading.' b'following up on a suggestion of an old confessor of mine, i' b'would even suggest that a good novel is a good way to reflect on the' b'christian life. [most novels of any profundity are actually discussing' b'the nature of good and evil in the human heart]. my own induction into' b'the christian faith was brought about [after grace] through reading' b'graham greene: _the power and the glory_ and the poetry of gerard' b"manley hopkins. i would also recommend graham greene's _monsignor" b'quixote_ and any novel by iris murdoch. the last is not even a christian,' b'but such is her insistence on the need for the good life, that, frankly,' b'i often am more uplifted and god directed after reading her than after' b'reading many parts of the bible. and that after all is what being' b'a christian is all about: letting your soul and your life be, in' b'some way, directed towards the infinite, represented to us by' b'the person of jesus christ.' b'' b'paul halsall' 