b'' b'this is being posted as a general outline for your personal study of this' b'doctrine:' b'' b'' b'the doctrine of god' b'' b'' b'i. the persons of the godhead' b'of all of the doctrines of scripture, this is the most' b'important. the bible is pre-eminently a revelation of god.' b'therefore, our first objective in studying the bible should' b'be to know god.' b'i believe that the bible teaches that there are three' b'persons in the godhead (trinity): god, the father; god the' b'son--the lord jesus christ; and god, the holy spirit. i' b'believe that they are individual persons who are one in' b'nature, meaning that they are identical in nature, each' b'possessing the same divine attributes. they are also' b'equally worthy of our worship, our trust, and our obedience.' b'cf. matt.28:19, cor.13:14; john b'' b'ii. the attributes, or characteristics, of the godhead.' b"a. god's nature is revealed in the name he has taken for" b'himself: jehovah. he is the living god, eternal, and' b'unchanging. he is without beginning, and without' b'ending. cf. isa.42:8.' b'b. god is a spirit. cf. john b'c. god is love. cf. john b'as such, he is gracious, merciful, good, faithful,' b'patient, and full of lovingkindness. cf. psa b'psa nahum b'd. but god is also holy and righteous. he is absolutely' b'without sin in his nature, and so is incapable of' b'sinning in though, word, or action. cf. ex. isa.' b'6:3.' b'e. god is omnipresent (everywhere present at the same time' b'in the completeness of his person), omniscient (all' b'knowing, knowing all things--the end from the beginning,' b'infinitely wise), omnipotent (almighty, sovereign, with' b'unlimited power over all creation).' b'god is infinite in his presence, wisdom, and power. it' b'is my conviction that the work of the lord in our day' b'has become very man-centered, and that the people in our' b'churches know very little about god. i believe that the' b"lord's work needs to be god-centered, and that the" b'people of god need to understand that god is sovereign' b'in all things: in the affairs of nations, in the lives' b'of all people, and in the carrying out of his purposes' b'regarding salvation.' b'' b'iii. the works of the godhead.' b'a. in creation' b'all three persons of the godhead were active in' b'creating, and all three are active in sustaining' b'creation, and in ordering the course of human affairs' b'(for nations as well as individual people) to the end' b'of time. cf. gen. john col. b'heb. b'b. in salvation' b'in order to understand salvation i believe that it is' b'absolutely necessary to begin with god, not with man.' b'all three persons of the godhead have been, and are,' b'active in salvation.' b'1. god, the father' b'salvation originated with god. the members of the' b'godhead determined in eternity past that there would' b'be salvation, the conditions under which people' b'could and would be saved, and even who would be' b'saved. election to salvation is recognized in' b'scripture as the work of god, the father. cf. eph' b'1:3-4; thess b'2. christ, the son of god' b'the lord jesus christ, through his birth by the' b'virgin mary, came to the earth to accomplish two' b'important works:' b'a. he came as the final and complete revelation of' b'god, the father. cf. col heb b'b. he came to provide salvation for all whom the' b'father had chosen. he did this by his death on' b'the cross, by his bodily resurrection, and by' b'his present intercessory work in heaven. the' b'work of salvation will be completed for us when' b'the lord returns. cf. rom cor b'4; heb john b'3. the holy spirit' b'as the author of scripture, the theme of which is' b'christ and his redemptive work, the holy spirit is' b'carrying out the redemptive plan of god in the' b'following ways:' b'a. he convicts of sin. cf. john b'b. he regenerates (known in the bible as the new' b'birth). cf. john b'c. he indwells each believer to fulfill the work' b'of sanctification. cf. john b'd. he seals every believer in christ, thus making' b'salvation secure. cf. eph b'e. he baptizes every believer into the body of' b'christ. cf. cor. b'f. he teaches every believer the truth of' b'scripture. cf. john b'g. he bestows spiritual gifts on the people of' b'god for ministry. (cf. cor b'h. he restrains sin. cf gal b'i. he empowers for living and for service.' b'cf. acts b'' b'' b'----------------------------------' b'liane brown' b'portland oregon' 