b'' b'' b"\ti don't think most people understand what a christian is. it" b'is certainly not what i see a lot in churches. rather i think it' b"should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for god's" b'sake. he loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the' b'' b'typical statement from an irrational and brainwashed person.' b'the bible was written by some male chavnist thousands of years ago' b'(as were all of the "holy" books). follow the parts that you think are' b"suitable for modern life. ignore the others. for heaven's sake don't" b'take it literally.' b'' b"same. hey we can't do it, god himself inspires us to turn our lives" b"over to him. that's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a" b'^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^' b'real christian would be something for the strong to persevere at. but' b'' b'so you think it is easy to be a muslim? or be a buddhist?' b"the buddha's commandments are yrs older than christ's and in" b'my opinion tougher to follow. moreover the buddha says that we are' b'intrinsically good (as against christ\'s "we are all sinners").' b'only we allow ourselves to be distracted. by meditating we can awaken' b'ourselves (etc etc). also there is no concept of god in buddhism.' b'(in my opinion you can be an atheist and a buddhist).' b'but to "awaken" yourself is no easy task. can you stay away from eating meat?' b'can you sit still and think of nothing (meditate) for sometime everyday?' b'buddhists do (or are supposed to). can you pray five times a day?' b'can you fast for a month every year (ramzan). are you willing' b'to give th of your income as tithe? muslims do. in fact i think' b'jesus was an ordinary man (just as buddha and mohamed) probably with a' b'philosopy ahead of the times (where he lived).' b'considering the fact that christianity is a young religion' b'(compared to hindiusm, judaism, zorasterism, buddihsm) it is also very' b'probable that the bible is merely a collection of borrowed ideas.' b'(there was a good deal of trade between the eastern lands and the' b'middle east at the time of christ).' b'and perhaps some more. but leave the crap in it out ("woman was created' b'after man, to be his helper" etc).' b'aras' b'' b'' b'' b'just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes' b"time. we don't rush it in one day, christianity is your whole life." b'it is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in' b'a while. we box everything into time units. such as work at this' b'time, sports, tv, social life. god is above these boxes and should be' b'' b'when ever i turn on my tv there is this pat robertson and' b'other brain washers (oh boy, what an act they put on!) with an' b'1-800 number to turn in your pledges.' b'god it seems is alive and well inside these boxes.' b'' b'carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for' b'ourselves.' b'' b'' b'parting question:' b'would you have become a christian if you had not' b'been indoctrinated by your parents? you probably never learned about' b'any other religion to make a comparative study. and therefore i claim' b'you are brain washed.' 