b'' b'i must have missed the postings about waco, david koresh, and the second' b'coming. how does one tell if a second coming is the real thing, unless the' b'person claiming to be it is obviously insane?' b'' b"i'm not saying that david koresh is the second coming of christ. how could" b'somebody who breaks his word be the second coming? koresh did promise that' b'he would come out of his compound if only he was allowed to give a radio' b"broadcast. he didn't. still it seems to me that he did fool some people." b'' b'and, from my meagre knowledge of the bible, it seems that christians have' b"been hard on the jews of christ's day for being cautious about accepting" b"somebody that their religious authorities didn't accept as the messiah." b'' b'so i was surprised that nobody had discussed the difficulty of wanting to be' b'early to recognize the second coming while, at the same time, not wanting to' b'be credulously believing just anybody who claims to be god.' b'' b"[mark and then if any one says to you, 'look, here is the christ!'" b"or 'look, there he is!' do not believe it." b'mark false christs and false prophets will arise and show signs and' b'wonders, to lead astray, if possible, the elect.' b'mark but take heed; i have told you all things beforehand.' b'mark "but in those days, after that tribulation, the sun will be' b'darkened, and the moon will not give its light,' b'mark and the stars will be falling from heaven, and the powers in' b'the heavens will be shaken.' b'mark and then they will see the son of man coming in clouds with' b'great power and glory.' b'' b"my understanding of jesus' answer is that, unlike his first coming," b"which was veiled, the second coming will be quite unmistakeable. he's" b'telling us not to be misled by the other things that have to happen' b'before his second coming the actual second coming will make his' b'power openly visible.' b'' b"by the way, from koresh's public statement it's not so clear to me" b'that he is claiming to be christ.' b'' b'--clh]' 