b'' b"my news feed is broken and i haven't received any new news in hours" b'(more than days). so, if you reply to this, please send private' b"reply-to line to have that address but i don't know if it will work." b'' b"[it depends upon the software, but generally i wouldn't expect" b'reply-to to cause an email cc to be sent in addition to a posting.' b"you'll probably need to do something specific, which will vary" b'depending upon your news software. --clh]' b'' b'at any rate, i need some support. (much thanks to jayne k who is' b'already supporting me with kind words and prayers!)' b'' b"i've been working at this company for eight years in various" b"engineering jobs. i'm female. yesterday i counted and realized that" b"on seven different occasions i've been sexually harrassed at this" b'company. seven times. eight years. yesterday was the most recent one;' b'someone left an x-rated photo of a nude woman in my desk drawer.' b'' b"i'm really upset by this. i suppose it could have been worse it" b'could have been a man having sex with a sheep or something.' b'' b'there was no note. i do not know if it was:' b'' b"- someone's idea of an innocent joke, that went awry" b"- someone's sick idea of flirting" b'- an act of emotional terrorism (that worked!)' b'' b'i dreaded coming back to work today. what if my boss comes in to ask' b"me some kind of question, i don't know the answer so i take a military" b'specification down off from my shelf to look up the answer, and out' b'falls a picture of a man having sex with a sheep? i generally have a' b'bible on my desk for occasional inspiration; what if i open it up to' b'corinthians and find a picture a la the north american man boy love' b'association? i want to throw up just thinking about this stuff.' b'' b"i can lock up my desk, but i can't lock up every book i have in the" b"office. i can't trust that someone won't shove something into my" b"briefcase or my coat pocket when i'm not looking so that i go home to" b'find such a picture, or a threat, or a raunchy note about what someone' b'wants to do to my body.' b'' b'to make it worse, the entire department went out to lunch yesterday to' b'treat our marvelous secretary to lunch. the appointed hour for' b'leaving was i was working in another building but wanted to go' b'to the lunch. so i returned at only to find that ever single' b'person had already left for lunch. they left at or so. no one' b'could be bothered to call me at the other building, even though my' b'number was posted. so, i came back to a department that looked like a' b'neutron bomb had gone off and i was the sole survivor. this, despite' b'the fact that everyone knew how bad i felt about this naked woman being' b'left in my desk drawer.' b'' b"i need some prayers i can't stop crying. i am so deeply wounded" b"that it's ridiculous." b'' b"i feel like i'm some kind of sub-human piece of garbage for people to" b'reduce me and my sisters to simply sex organs and the sex act. i feel' b"like i'm a sub-human piece of garbage that's not worthy of a simple" b'phone call saying "we\'re leaving for mary\'s lunch a little early so' b'that bob can get back for a big meeting..."' b'' b'please pray that my resentments will either go away, or be miraculously' b'turned into something positive. please pray that whoever is torturing' b'me so will stop, and find some healing for him- or herself. please pray' b'for my being healed from this latest wound (which falls on top of a' b'whole slew of other wounds...). please pray that i can find a new job' b'in a place where the corporate culture does its best to prevent such' b'harrassment from happening in the first place, and swiftly acts' b'appropriately when something occurs despite its best precautions. (this' b'company, in my opinion, has pretty words about how sexual harrassment' b"isn't tolerated but when you get right down to it, how is it that one" b'female engineer can be touched inappropriately, left obsene or' b'threatening notes, left obscene pictures, spoken to lewdly, etc, seven' b'times in eight years in the same place? pretty words from the company' b"do me no good when i'm terrified or healing from the latest assault.)" b'' b"and please pray that i don't turn into an automaton because of this." b'that\'s my bad habit: "ignore it and it will go away", "you\'re not worth' b'anyone\'s time so don\'t go talking to anyone about this", "you\'re right,' b'you are a sub-human piece of garbage and deserve to be treated this' b'way", "you are just an object", "you prostitute your mind to this' b"company so why can't others expect you to prostitute your body there as" b'well?", "what makes you think women aren\'t just possessions, and' b'nothing more than sex organs and their ability to perform the sex act?"' b'this is the kind of thinking that can catapault one into a major' b"depressive episode; please pray that these thoughts don't come into" b'my head and stay there, triggering depression.' b'' b"please pray that this latest trauma doesn't come between me and god." b'in a way, a wound like this is an invitation to a deeper connection to' b"god, and it's also a possible trigger for a spiritual crisis that can" b"separate one mentally from god. (i know god doesn't drop me from his" b"loving hand, but it's awfully easy for me to walk to the edge of the" b"hand, look down, think i'm falling and forget that god's still holding" b'on to me.)' b'' b"although this probably isn't entirely appropriate for this newsgroup," b'i really can use the kind of loving support you all provide. for this' b'reason i hope good mr. moderator allows me this latest indulgence. after' b"all, he's allowed me the thermometer note, and a few other off-the-wall" b'topics.' b'' b'thanks in advance to everyone for your support and prayers. peace to you,' b'esther' b'' b'--' b'"in his esteem, nothing that was large enough to please, was too small' b'for the fingers." john kitto, "the lost senses", 