b'' b"if i don't think my belief is right and everyone else's belief is wrong," b"then i don't have a belief. this is simply what belief means." b'' b'unfortunatly, this seems to be how christians are taught to think when' b'it comes to their religion. some take it to the extreme and say that' b"their religion is the only one and if you don't accept their teachings" b'then you won\'t be "saved". it takes quite a bit of arrogance to claim' b"to know what god thinks/wants. especially when it's based upon your" b'interpretation of a book. the logic in the above statement is faulty' b"in that it assumes two people with differing beliefs can't both be" b"correct. it's all about perception. no two people are exactly alike." b'no two people perceive everything in the same way. i believe that' b"there is one truth. call it god's truth, a universal truth, or call it" b"what you will. i don't believe god presents this truth. i think it is" b"just there and it's up to you to look for and see it, through prayer," b'meditation, inspir- ation, dreams or whatever. just because people may' b"perceive this truth differently, it doesn't mean one is wrong and the" b'other is right. as an example, take the question, "is the glass half' b'empty or half full"? you can have two different answers which are' b'contradictory and yet both are correct. so, for your belief to be' b"true, does not require everyone else's belief to be wrong." b'' b'[if a person has what they believe is convincing evidence that god' b"will save only christians, it's hard to see how you can criticize them" b"for arrogance for saying so. it could be that they're wrong. but i" b"hardly see that it's arrogance. let's look at this a bit closer." b'suppose we had some combination of prophets and messiahs that taught' b"us things, but didn't say anything about exclusivity. if we believe" b'them, and then add "and anybody who believes anything else is damned",' b'then you could well criticize us for arrogance. but in this case the' b'exclusivity is in the message as it comes from the prophets, etc. so' b"we could be wrong in believing it, but i don't see how we can be" b"called arrogant. maybe the world isn't a soft place. maybe certain" b'choices actually do have eternal consequences. i can see calling the' b'christian message arrogant, in a certain sense (though only in the' b'same sense as calling the law of gravitation arrogant because it' b"doesn't give us any option over whether we fall if we jump off a" b'building). but not christians for passing it on, given that they' b'believe it. the complaints i can see making are that christians' b'are wrong, or that god is arrogant. --clh]' 