b'' b'' b' "suppose you were part of the `christian consipracy\' which was going to' b' tell people that christ had risen. never mind the stoning, the being' b" burned alive, the possible crucifixion let's just talk about a" b' scourging. the whip that would be used would have broken pottery, metal,' b'' b'no one was ever flogged, beaten, burned, fed to the lions, or killed in any' b'other way because of a belief in the resurrection sorry to disappoint you.' b'' b'i think you are vastly oversimplifying things. we know that early christians' b'suffered totures because of their witness to christ. for example:' b'' b'act his speech persuaded them. they called the apostles in and had' b'them flogged. then they ordered them not to speak in the name of' b'jesus, and let them go.' b'' b'act the apostles left the sanhedrin, rejoicing because they had been' b'counted worthy of suffering disgrace for the name.' b'' b'it appears that the jewish rulers of that time had a particular aversion' b"to even hearing jesus's name." b'act "we gave you strict orders not to teach in this name," he said.' b'"yet you have filled jerusalem with your teaching and are' b'determined to make us guilty of this man\'s blood."' b'' b"finally, the first apostle's death, james of zebedee was certainly" b"not by rome's hand any more than the first martyr stephen." b'' b'' b'the idea of resurrection is one which can be found in a host of different' b'forms in the religions of antiquity. the problem was not the resurrection' b'which was a mediorce issue for a tiny fragment of the jewish population' b'' b'the problem was that if one believed in the resurrection, then one' b'must believe in jesus as truly being the son of god and what he' b'stood for and preached during his ministry on earth. that would' b'have been extremely difficult for some people, especially those' b'that had plotted to kill him.' b'' b'randy' b'' b'--' b'hfs, inc.\t\t va20 uucp: uunet!hfsi!ata' b'7900 westpark drive\t ms:601\t voice:\t(703) b'mclean, va 22102\t fax:\t(703) 