b'' b"i think it was lewis who said that in a wedding, it's the principals" b'that marry each other; the church and the state are present merely as' b'witnesses.' b'' b"[this is not just lewis it's a summary of standard catholic" b"theology. however this doesn't mean that the presence of those" b'witnesses is optional, except in odd situations like the standard' b'desert island. --clh]' b'' b'i originally wrote to the person who asked this question' b'personally, but decided to post the information i had on the topic.' b'' b'i spoke to the pastor of my parish (catholic) recently,' b'by coincidence, on this subject. his explaination was that' b'while it is possible for a couple to marry without the presence' b'of a priest, it is important to have it recognized by the' b'church as soon as it is possible. because the church' b'recoginizes itself as a community of believers, members' b'of the church, to some degree, are to be held accountable' b'to each other. to be less hypothetical than that mythical' b'couple on the desert island, there are many places in the' b'world that do not have priests availible for marriages' b'on a regular basis. therefore, couples get married without' b'the priest being present, but get the priest to testify to' b'their marriage when one comes through the area.' b'' b'i remember a religion teacher in high school saying' b'that the marriage ceremony is not for the benefit of the couple' b'as much as it is for the benefit of the community. thus,' b'married couples have some responsibility to the community' b'to stay married, as divorce sets a bad example for the' b'community. also, the couple has vowed to become one with' b'one another--the community should be able to rely on that' b'couple to be as one.' b'' b'while couples may marry without witnesses, they' b'may not get anulments without a priest present. an' b'anulment is simply an admission of the church that what' b'they had declared a marriage was not, in fact, a marriage' b"at all, for whatever reason. so don't start getting married" b'in the back seat of a station wagon and giving yourselves' b'anulments a half-hour later!!' b'' b'i tend to agree with the response back there that' b'said couples become married as soon as they consumate their' b'marriage, but i would add that couples should consider their' b'marriage consumated if they have sex, whether or not they' b'intended to be married, assuming they were both willing' b'partners to the sexual act. the couple must be prepared' b'to raise any children they may have as a result of that' b'sexual act with the benefit of both parents. sex is a' b"commitment, i believe, in god's eyes." b'' b"but i'm digressing...." b'' b'god be with you,' b'' b'malcusco' 