b'' b'it seems i spend a significant amount of my time correcting errors about' b'the reliability tests for condoms and abstinence. a few years ago i saw' b'that famous study that showed a failure rate" for condoms. the' b'same study showed a failure rate for abstinence!! that is, adult' b'couples who relied on abstinence to prevent pregnancy got pregnant in' b"alarming numbers--they didn't have the willpower to abstain. and we're" b'thinking that this will work with high school kids?!?' b'' b'i am told that planned parenthood/siecus-style "values-free" methods, that' b'teach contraceptive technology and advise kids how to make "choices",' b'actually _increase_ pregnancy rates. i posted a long article on this a while' b'back and will be happy to email a copy to any who are interested. the' b'article included sources to contact for information on research verifying' b'these statements, and an outstanding source for info on acquiring' b'abstinence-related curricula even in single-copy quantities for home use.' b'' b'the same research produced the results that abstinence-related curricula' b'were found to _decrease_ pregnancy rates in teens. i assume that it is' b'reasonable to assume that the aids rate will fluctuate with the pregnancy' b'rate.' b'' b'the difference is not in "contraceptive technology" but in the values taught' b'to the children. the pp/siecus curricula taught the kids that they have' b'legitimate choices, while the abstinence related curricula taught them that' b'they did _not_ have _legitimate_ choices other than abstinence. it is the' b'values system that is the strongest determinent of the behavior behavior of' b'these kids.' b'' b'despite the better track record of abstinence-related curricula, they are' b'suppressed in favor of curricula that produce an effect contrary to that' b'desired.' b'' b"question for further discussion (as they say in the textbooks): why don't" b'we teach "safe drug use" to kids, instead of drug abstinence? isn\'t it' b'because we know that a class in "how to use drugs safely if you _choose_ to' b'use drugs" would increase drug use? why isn\'t "drug abstinence education"' b'barred from schools because it teaches "religion"? aren\'t we abandoning' b'those children who will use drugs anyway, and need instruction in their safe' b'use?' b'' b'' b'--' b'joe kellett' 