b'' b'' b'' b'many catholics will decide to side with the pope. there is some' b'soundness in this, because the papacy is infallible, so eventually' b'some pope *will* straighten all this out. but, on the other hand,' b'there is also unsoundness in this, in that, in the short term, the' b'popes may indeed be wrong, and such catholics are doing nothing to' b"help the situation by obeying them where they're wrong. in fact, if" b'the situation is grave enough, they sin in obeying him. at the very' b"least, they're wasting a great opportunity, because they are failing" b'to love christ in a heroic way at the very time that he needs this' b'badly.' b'' b'joe;' b'' b'your logic excapes me.' b'' b'if the papacy is infallible, and this is a matter of faith, then the' b'pope cannot "be wrong!" if, on the other hand, this is not a matter' b'of faith, but a matter of church law, then we should still obey as the' b'pope is the legal head of the church.' b'' b'in other words, given the doctrine of infallibility, we have no choice' b'but to obey.' b'' b'bob' b'' b'--' b'< b'the land of garg bbs unto you bbs b'< b'' b'' b'[you might want to look at the faq on infallibility. the doctrine on' b'infallibility does not say that the pope is always right. all' b'catholic theologians acknowledge that there have been a number of' b'occasions when the pope was wrong. there appear to be two aspects to' b'infallibility. one is a general concept that in the long run the' b'church is protected from serious error. however this does not mean' b"that it's impossible for it to take wrong turns at one time or" b'another. the more specific concept of papal infallibility is that in' b'very specific circumstances a papal statement can be known to be' b'infallible. however a relatively small fraction of statements meet' b'those criteria. this does not absolve catholics from the duty to obey' b'even "ordinary" teachings of the pope. however only a few teachings' b'are made in a way that is explicitly infallible. --clh]' 