b'' b'here is some material by michael davies on the subject of schism in' b'general and archishop lefebvre in particular. he wrote it around' b'1990. the first part of the two-part article was on the scandalous' b'activities of archbishop weakland (in this country), but i cut all' b'that. and i pared down the rest to what was relevant.' b'' b'joe buehler' b'' b'...' b'' b'schism and disobedience' b'' b'according to st. thomas aquinas, schism consists primarily in a' b'refusal of submission to the pope or communion with the members of the' b'church united to him. on first sight it would appear that, whatever' b'the subjective motivation of the archbishop, as discussed above, he' b'must be in a state of objective schism as he has refused to submit to' b'the pope on a very grave matter involving his supreme power of' b'jurisdiction. however, standard catholic textbooks of theology make it' b'clear that while all schisms involve disobedience not all acts of' b'disobedience are schismatic. if this were so, as was noted at the' b'beginning of this article, it would mean that the number of american' b'bishops who are not schismatic would not reach double figures.' b'' b'the distinction between disobedience and schism is made very clear in' b'the article on schism in the very authoritative dictionnaire de' b'theologie catholique. the article is by father yves congar who is' b'certainly no friend of archbishop lefebvre. he explains that schism' b'and disobedience are so similar that they are often confused. father' b'congar writes that schism involves a refusal to accept the existence' b"of legitimate authority in the church, for example, luther's rejection" b'of the papacy. father congar explains that the refusal to accept a' b'decision of legitimate authority in a particular instance does not' b'constitute schism but disobedience. the catholic encyclopedia' b'explains that for a catholic to be truly schismatic he would have to' b'intend "to sever himself from the church as far as in him lies." it' b'adds that "not every disobedience is schism; in order to possess this' b'character it must include besides the transgression of the command of' b'the superiors, a denial of their divine right to command."not only' b'does mgr. lefebvre not deny the divine right of the pope to command,' b"but he affirms repeatedly his recognition of the pope's authority and" b'his intention of never breaking away from rome. the archbishop made' b'his attitude clear in the july/august issue of days: "we pray' b'for the pope every day. nothing has changed with the consecrations' b'last june we are not sedevacantists. we recognize in john paul ii' b"the legitimate pope of the catholic church. we don't even say that he" b'is a heretical pope. we only say that his modernist actions favor' b'heresy."' b'' b'...' b'' b'intrinsically schismatic?' b'' b'the principal argument used by those claiming that mgr. lefebvre is in' b'schism is that the consecration of a bishop without a papal mandate is' b'an intrinsically schismatic act. a bishop who carries out such a' b'consecration, it is claimed, becomes ipso facto a schismatic. this is' b'not true. if such a consecration is an intrinsically schismatic act it' b'would always have involved the penalty of excommunication. in the b'code of canon law the offence was punished only by suspension (see' b'canon of the code). pope pius xii had raised the penalty to' b'excommunication as a response to the establishment of a schismatic' b'church in china. the consecration of these illicit chinese bishops' b'differed radically from the consecrations carried out by mgr. lefebvre' b'as the professed intention was to repudiate the authority of the pope,' b'that is, to deny that he has the right to govern the church, and the' b'illicitly consecrated chinese bishops were given a mandate to exercise' b'an apostolic mission. neither archbishop lefebvre nor any of the' b'bishops he has consecrated claim that they have powers of' b'jurisdiction. they have been consecrated solely for the purpose of' b'ensuring the survival of the society by carrying out ordinations and' b'also to perform confirmations. i do not wish to minimize in any way' b'the gravity of the step take by mgr. lefebvre. the consecration of' b'bishops without a papal mandate is far more serious matter than the' b'ordination of priests as it involves a refusal in practice of the' b'primacy or jurisdiction belonging by divine right to the roman' b'pontiff. but the archbishop could argue that the crisis afflicting the' b'church could not be more grave, and that grave measures were needed in' b'response.' b'' b"it appears to be taken for granted by most of the archbishop's critics" b'that he was excommunicated for the offense of schism, and the vatican' b'has certainly been guilty of fostering this impression. there is not' b'so much as a modicum of truth in this allegation. the new code of' b'canon law includes a section beginning with canon entitled' b'"penalties for specific offenses" (de poenis in singula dicta). the' b'first part deals with "offenses against religion and the unity of the' b'church" (de delictis contra religionem et ecclesiae unitatem). canon' b'1364 deals with the offense of schism which is, evidently, together' b'with apostasy and heresy, one of the three fundamental offenses' b'against the unity of the church.' b'' b'but the archbishop was not excommunicated under the terms of this' b'canon or, indeed, under any canon involving an offense against' b'religion or the unity of the church. the canon cited in his' b'excommunication comes from the third section of "penalties for' b'specific offenses" which is entitled "usurpation of ecclesial' b'functions and offenses in their exercise" (de munerum ecclesiasticorum' b'usurpatione degue delictis iniis exercendis). the canon in question is' b'canon which reads: "a bishop who consecrates someone bishop and' b'the person who receives such a consecration from a bishop without a' b'pontifical mandate incur an automatic (latae sententiae)' b'excommunication reserved to the holy see."' b'' b'the scandalous attempts to smear archbishop lefebvre with the offense' b'of schism are, then, contrary to both truth and charity. a comparable' b'smear under civil as opposed to ecclesiastical law would certainly' b'justify legal action for libel involving massive damages. an accurate' b'parallel would be to state that a man convicted of manslaughter had' b'been convicted of first degree murder.' b'' b'i must stress that what i have written here is not the dubious opinion' b'of laymen unversed in the intricacies of canon law. canon lawyers' b'without the least shred of sympathy for mgr. lefebvre have repudiated' b'the charge of schism made against him as totally untenable. father' b'patrick yaldrini, dean of the faculty of canon law of the institut' b'catholique in paris noted in the july issue of valeurs' b'actuelles that, as i have just explained, mgr. lefebvre was not' b'excommunicated for schism but for the usurpation of an ecclesiastical' b'function. he added that it is not the consecration of a bishop which' b'constitutes schism but the conferral of an apostolic mission upon the' b'illicitly consecrated bishop. it is this usurpation of the powers of' b'the sovereign pontiff which proves the intention of establishing a' b'parallel church.' b'' b'cardinal rosalio lara, president of the pontifical commission for the' b'authentic interpretation of canon law, commented on the consecrations' b'in the july issue of la repubblica. it would be hard to' b'imagine a more authoritative opinion. the cardinal wrote:' b'' b'the act of consecrating a bishop (without a papal mandate) is not' b'in itself a schismatic act. in fact, the code that deals with' b'offenses is divided into two sections. one deals with offenses' b'against religion and the unity of the church, and these are' b'apostasy, schism, and heresy. consecrating a bishop with a' b'pontifical mandate is, on the contrary, an offense against the' b'exercise of a specific ministry. for example, in the case of the' b'consecrations carried out by the vietnamese archbishop ngo dinh' b'thuc in and although the archbishop was excommunicated' b'he was not considered to have committed a schismatic act because' b'there was no intention of a breach with the church.' b'' b'....' b'' b'it is not simply unjust but ludicrous to suggest that in consecrating' b'bishops without a papal mandate archbishop lefebvre had the least' b'intent of establishing a schismatic church. he is not a schismatic and' b'will never be a schismatic. the archbishop considers correctly that' b'the the church is undergoing its worst crisis since the arian heresy,' b'and that for the good of the church it was necessary for him to' b'consecrate the four bishops to ensure the future of his society. canon' b'law provides for just such a situation, and even if one believes that' b'the future of the society could have been guaranteed without these' b'consecrations, the fact that the archbishop believed sincerely that it' b'could not means, as canon law states clearly, that he has not incurred' b'excommunication. furthermore, while the vatican allows such prelates' b'as archbishop weakland to undermine the faith with impunity it cannot' b'expect catholics to pay the least attention to its sanctions against a' b'great and orthodox archbishop whose entire life has been devoted to' b'the service of the church and the salvation of souls.' b'' b'dr. eric m. de saventhem, president of the international una voce' b'association, is one of the best informed laymen in the church, and he' b'knows the archbishop intimately. dr. de saventhem, like myself, has no' b'greater desire than to see a reconciliation between mgr. lefebvre and' b"the holy see during the archbishop's lifetime. a quotation from a" b'statement by dr. de saventhem which was published in the february' b'1989 remnant merits careful study:' b'' b'in retrospect, the road leading to the consecrations of june' b'appears more paved with grave roman (and, unfortunately, also' b'papal) omissions than with lefebvrist "obstinancies." and from the' b'eyes of an informed public this cannot be hidden by attempting to' b"present the archbishop's act of grave disobedience as an offense" b'against the faith! it is said--today--that mgr. lefebvre has "an' b'erroneous concept of tradition." if this were so, cardinal' b'ratzinger could not, on behalf of the pope, have addressed to the' b'archbishop the following words in his letter of july b'"your ardent desire to safeguard tradition by procuring for it' b"'the means to live and prosper' testifies to your attachment to" b'the faith of all time... the holy father understands your concern' b'and shares it."' 