b'' b'[in looking through my files this weekend, i ran across some lyrics from' b"various rock groups that have content. here are two from black sabbath's" b'"master of reality". i\'ll say this much for the music of the \'60\'s and early' b"'70's, at least they asked questions of significance. jethro tull is another" b'to asked and wrote about things that caused one to wonder. --rex]' b'' b'after forever' b'' b'have you ever thought about your soul--' b'can it be saved?' b"or perhaps you think that when you're dead" b'you just stay in you grave.' b'is god just a thought within you read in a book' b'when you were at school?' b'when you think about death' b'do you lose your breath' b'or do you keep your cool?' b'' b'would you like to see the pope on the end of a rope?' b"do you think he's a fool?" b'well i have seen the truth. yes i have seen the light' b"and i've changed my ways." b"and i'll be prepared" b"when you're lonely and scared" b'at the end of your days.' b'' b"could it be you're afraid of what your friends might say" b'if they knew you believed in god above?' b'they should realize before they criticise' b'that god is the only way to love.' b'' b'is your mind so small that you have to fall' b'in with the pack wherever they run?' b'will you still sneer when death is near' b'and say they may as well worship the sun?' b'' b'i think it was true -it was people like you' b'that crucified christ.' b'i think it is sad the opinion you had' b'was the only one voiced.' b'will you be so sure when your day is near' b"to say you don't believe?" b'you had the chance but you turned it down' b"now you can't retrieve." b"perhaps you'll think before you say that god is dead gone" b'open your eyes, just realize that he is the one.' b'the only one who can save you now from all this sin and hate.' b'or will you still jeer at all you hear?' b"yes! i think it's too late." b'' b'' b'lord of this world' b'' b"you're searching for your mind don't know where to start." b"can't find the key to fit the lock on your heart." b'you think you know but you are never quite sure' b'your soul is ill but you will not find a cure.' b'your world was made for you by someone above' b'but you choose evil ways instead of love.' b'you made me master of the world where you exist' b'the soul i took from you was not even missed.' b'lord of the world,' b'evil possessor,' b'lord of this world,' b"he's now your confessor!" b"you think you're innocent -you've nothing to fear" b"you don't know me, you say, but isn't it clear?" b'you turned to me in all your worldly' b'greed and pride.' b'but will you turn to me when it your turn to die?' 