b'' b'please realize that i am frequently getting in trouble for' b'straying from orthodoxy, but here is my opinion:' b'' b' moreover the buddha says that we are' b' intrinsically good (as against christ\'s "we are all sinners").' b'' b'i never thought of these two ideas being "against" each other.' b'people might quibble about what "intrinsically" means but the' b'reason we are sinners is because we do not behave as good as we' b'are. the message of christ is that each of us are not only good,' b'but great, that we can approach perfection, albeit perhaps through a' b'different technique than you claim buddhism teaches. because we do' b'not realize our greatness, we sin. peter had no problem walking' b'on water until a little doubt crept in.' b'' b'doesn\'t david ask in the 8th psalm "what is man that you [god]' b'should care for him, but you have made him just a little lower' b'than the angels"?' b'' b'i probably exagerate in my mind what a scrawny little kid david' b'was, just as i probably exagerate what a gigantic monster goliath' b"was, but david's power easily defeated goliath's." b'' b'remember the rich young man who comes up to jesus and asks what' b'he can do to enter the kingdom, jesus says follow the commandments.' b"i always picture the smug look on his face as he says he's done that" b'his whole life, probably anticipating an "attaboy" from the' b'messiah. instead jesus gives him a harder task, sell everything' b'and follow him. jesus is raising the bar. the desciples say' b"how can anyone do this if it's so hard even for rich people." b"jesus says anyone can do it, with god's help." b'' b'jesus says not only can we avoid killing people, we can avoid' b'getting angry at people. not only can we avoid committing' b'adultery, we can control our own desires.' b'' b'i realize this was not your main point, but i wonder how other' b'people see this.' b'' b' b' \tparting question:' b' \t\twould you have become a christian if you had not' b' been indoctrinated by your parents? you probably never learned about' b' any other religion to make a comparative study. and therefore i claim' b' you are brain washed.' b'' b'(please forgive any generalizations i am about to make.)' b'' b'your point about how "hard" other religions are is a good one, just' b'as your "parting question" is a tough question. i think that muslims' b'worship the same god as i do, we can learn from their name "submission".' b'hindus and buddhists and taoists, etc. claim that "god" is impersonal.' b'is god personal or impersonal? i say yes, but if i think a little' b'more my answer is whichever is greater. i think it is greater' b'to be a personal entity, with an individual consciousness, but' b"you're right that that might be a cultural bias. if i think more" b"i must admit that god's personal nature is as far beyond my" b"conception as his impersonal nature is beyond the hindu's" b'conception. if somehow jesus could fit into hindu cosmology' b"then maybe i wouldn't have a problem, though that is hard to imagine." b'' b'are there any former (or present) "eastern religion" members here' b'who could comment?' b'' b'chris mussack' 