b'' b'' b'helllo netters:' b'' b'i was told the bible says that god took the body of the virgin mary as' b'she was being carried for burial. is this true, if so were in the bible' b'does it say that.' b'' b'regards,' b'a.faris' b'' b'[i think you\'re talking about the "assumption of the blessed virgin' b'mary". it says that "the immaculate mother of god, the ever virgin' b'mary, having completed the course of her earthly life, was assumed' b'body and soul into heavenly glory." this was defined by a papal' b'statement in though it had certainly been believed by some' b'before that. like the immaculate conception, this is primarily a' b'roman catholic doctrine, and like it, it has no direct biblical' b'support. note that catholics do not believe in "sola scriptura".' b'that is, they do not believe that the bible is the only source of' b'christian knowledge. thus the fact that a doctrine has little' b'biblical support is not necessarily significant to them. they believe' b'that truth can be passed on through traditions of the church, and also' b"that it can be revealed to the church. i'm not interested in yet" b'another catholic/protestant argument, but if any catholics can tell us' b'the basis for these beliefs, i think it would be appropriate. --clh]' b'' b'' b'again i find myself wanting to respond to a posting and having neither' b'the time nor the proper materials with me (you would think i would learn my' b"lesson by now--but i'm trying to finish writing my thesis and don't have tons" b'of time. anyway...)' b'' b"the basis for our (the catholic church's) belief in the assumption of" b'mary, body and soul, into heaven is that, to put it simply, the apostles' b'and all the early generation christians believed it. in fact, throughout their' b'ministry the apostles kept in close contact with mary, and of the were' b'present when she died. only thomas was missing--when he arrived several days' b'later, he asked to be shown her body, and moved with pity, peter and several of' b'the other apostles brought him to her tomb. when they arrived the seal was' b'still unbroken. they broke the seal, entered, and the body was missing. there' b'was no sign that anyone had entered, forcibly or otherwise, and everything else' b'was laid out exactly as it had been left. the apostles present all believed' b'that mary was assumed into heaven--and the apostles taught this in their' b'preaching (of course, this does not appear in any of the texts currently' b'considered part of the bible, but it does appear in other writings left behind' b'by several of them.) basicaly, as an apostolic church (ie. founded by the' b'apostles), we believe that the teachings of the apostles, whether written down' b'in the bible or written down in other sources, is true, providing that the' b'authenticity of those other sources can be confirmed. at least in the case of' b'the assumption of mary, the authenticity is quite clear.' b'' b'hope this helps--i would welcome anyone who has more information to' b"add to what i've said." b'- mike walker' b'(univ. of illinois)' b']' 