b'' b'biblical basis for the immaculate conception:' b'' b'1) "i will put enmity between you [the serpent] and the woman, and' b'between your seed and her seed, she [can also be read he] shall crush' b'your head and you shall bruise her [or his] heel."' b'-genesis b'' b'2) "he who commits sin is of the devil b'-1 john b'' b'3) "hail, full of grace [greek kecharitomene], the lord is with thee b'-luke b'' b'from the above, we prove the doctrine of the immaculate conception.' b'first, god has given the proto-evangel in genesis which is the' b'first promise of a savior, who will redeem mankind from the wiles of' b'satan. "[satan] was a murderer from the beginning, and has not stood in' b'the truth because there is no truth in him." john now the' b'proto-evangel promises several things, enmity between satan and "the' b'woman", and enmity between satan and "her seed." now the woman is both' b'eve (who is the immediate point of reference) and mary, the second eve.' b'"her seed" is jesus christ, and he is also at enmity with satan in the' b'same way as mary is said to be at enmity with satan. thus, knowing as' b'we do that jesus christ is sinless (hebrews we can conclude that' b"mary is also sinless because if she wasn't she would not be at enmity" b'with the devil, as john tells us, and the relation of her' b"sinlessness to christ's sinlessness would be called into question, as" b"would god's veracity. for god promised an enmity between mary and the" b'serpent, and it is not possible for god to lie or be decieved.' b'second, we have the angelic greeting where mary is called by the' b'archangle gabriel "full of grace." as i pointed out above this is from' b'the greek word "kecharitomene" which means not just full of grace, but a' b'plenitude or perfection of grace. the sense of it is best grasped by' b'the footnote to the jerusalem bible, "hail you who have been and reamin' b'filled with grace." but that is a little to long to say, so it is' b'reduced to full of grace. and as it says, "you who have been" mary had' b'always been filled with grace, from the moment of her conception, which' b'was also the moment of her salvation, until her death some years later.' b'it must be admitted that it is possible that god could have done' b'what the doctrine of the immaclute conception says he did do. and if' b'god could keep himself free from any contact with sin, through his' b'mother, he would have, and the bible records this fact, to which the' b'fathers of the church such as st. john damascus, st. augustine of hippo' b', st. ambrose and others are in complete agreement with, as is all of' b'christian tradition, and as is the infallible declaration of the pope on' b'the matter in "ineffibilus deus."' b'' b'andy byler' 