b'' b'' b'' b"i hope that anyone who remembers seeing rev. troy perry's" b'"performance" at the march on washington will see for themselves' b'just how inconceivable it is to mix christianity with homosexuality.' b'' b' whether or not christianity and homosexuality are compatible is clearly' b' debatable, since it is being debated. in my opnion, it is genuinely' b' destuctive to the cause of christianity to use this sort of ad hominem' b" argument to oppose one's adversaries. it only serves to further drive" b' people away from christianity because it projects and confirms the' b' frequently held opinion that christians are unable to think critically' b' and intelligently.' b'' b"i agree entirely. speaking as an atheist (heterosexual, for what it's" b'worth), this is one of the least attractive parts of some varieties of' b"christianity. although i'm sure it's possible to argue theologically" b"that we shouldn't make analogies between discrimination on the basis" b'of sex and race and discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation,' b'morally the case looks unanswerable (for those outside religion): the' b"three forms _are_ analogous; we shouldn't discriminate on the basis of" b'sex, race or sexual orientation.' b'' b"i found the moderator's faqs on the subject instructive, and recommend" b'everyone to read them.' b'' b'there seem to be three different levels of acceptance:' b'' b'1) regard homosexual orientation as a sin (or evil, whatever)' b'2) regard homosexual behaviour as a sin, but accept orientation' b'(though presumably orientation is unfortunate) and dislike people who' b'indulge' b'3) as but "love the sinner"' b'4) accept homosexuality altogether.' b'' b'my experience is that is the most common attitude (i imagine and b'are limited to a few fundamentalist sects).' b'' b'i suppose i can go along with except that i have this feeling that' b'a year old living in a community with this attitude, on' b'discovering that they were more attracted to members of the same sex,' b'would not feel the love of the community, but would rather feel the' b"pressure not to exhibit their feelings. i'm not saying that the" b'community (in particular the parents) would not love the child, but i' b'suspect the child would not feel loved.' b'--' b'bruce cmsr, university of liverpool' 