b'' b"mark ashley's account of private revelation does not, as some might" b'think, contradict my posting in which i said that the catholic church' b'believes that public revelation, on which catholic doctrine is based,' b'ended with the death of st. john, the last apostle. in that posting' b'i made sure i used the word "public". public revelation contains' b"god's truth intended for everyone to believe. the revelation contained" b'in the bible is a significant subset of public revelation. private' b'revelation is revelation that god gives to an individual. he may speak' b'directly to the individual, he may send an angel, or he may send the' b'virgin mary or some lesser saint. the only person who is required to' b'believe a private revelation is the person to whom it is revealed.' b'devotional practices may be based on reported private revelations,' b'but doctrines can not.' b'' b'when an alleged private revelation attracts sufficient attention, the' b'church may investigate it. if the investigation indicates a likelihood' b'that the alleged private revelation is in fact from god, it will be' b'approved. that means that it can be preached in the church. however,' b'it is still true that no one is required to believe that it came from' b'god. a catholic is free to deny the authenticity of even the most' b'well attested and strongly approved private revelations, such as those' b'at fatima and lourdes. (i suspect that few if any catholics do reject' b'fatima and lourdes, but if any do their rejection of them does not' b'mean they are not orthodox catholics in good standing.)' b'' b'i do not have at hand a list of the criteria the church uses in' b"evaluating an alleged private revelation--it's not something i need" b'every day--but i know that one of the primary requirements is that' b'nothing in the alleged private revelation can contradict anything' b'known through public revelation' b'-------' b'marty helgesen' b'' b'"what if there were no such thing as a hypothetical situation?"' 