b'' b'' b'' b"[dan's question about mormon temple rituals deleted for brevity]" b'' b'just thought i would interject this, and i believe you dan when you say' b"that you don't mean to offend: for us lds temple goers, the temple" b'ceremonies are very sacred. so much so that anyone who goes there' b'promises never to divulge them. so how much can you trust someone' b'who is telling you about the cerermony?' b'' b"one thing i don't understand is why being sacred should make the" b'temple rituals secret. there are lots of sacred things in' b'christianity, including the sacred scriptures themselves, but there is' b'nothing secret about these things.' b'' b'is it appropriate for the lord not to reveal certain' b'things before the world (i.e., publish them widely)?' b'' b'these things sacred to himself. he may place any' b'pre- or post-conditions he feels are necessary.' b'' b'moreover, there are precedents in scripture where' b'knowledge of sacred things is withheld:' b'' b'1. after the transfiguration jesus instructed' b'peter, james, and john to "tell the vision to no' b'man, until the son of man be risen again from' b'the dead" (matt. b'if we were living at the time of savior, there' b'would be no (public) record of this event.' b'' b'2. a faithful friend of paul experiences a vision' b'of "paradise" when he "heard unspeakable words,' b'which it is not lawful for a man to utter"' b'(2 cor. b'this person heard something which paul can not' b'write to the corinthians (and us).' b'' b'3. there is an incident recorded in the book of' b'mormon where words uttered by "babes" were' b'"forbidden that there should not any man write' b'them nephi the entire text follows' b'for those of you without access to the bom).' b'' b'3 nephi b'behold, it came to pass on the morrow that the' b'multitude gathered themselves together, and they' b'both saw and heard these children; yea, even' b'babes did open their mouths and utter marvelous' b'things; and the things which they did utter were' b'forbidden that there should not any man write them.' b'' b'some lds scholars speculate that these words' b'which could not be written are the sacred' b'portions from temple we are to withhold from' b'the world (but it could be something else).' b'' b'i' b'can understand why mormons would limit temple access to only faithful' b'mormons, but i have never understood the emphasis on shrouding temple' b'ritual in mystery.' b'' b'there is much we can discuss about the temple' b'ordinances. we can discuss regarding baptisms' b'and other vicarious ordinances for the dead.' b'we can discuss certain concepts regarding the' b'endowment ("the ritual").' b'however, there are certain elements i can not' b'discuss with anyone (including other saints)' b'outside of the temple.' b'as a portion of the endowment, we receive the' b'tokens and signs that will permit us access' b'to heaven. i must keep this knowledge sacred' b'and respect the conditions under which it is' b'revealed to me.' b'' b'a idler' 