b'' b'arrogance is arrogance. it is not the result of religion, it is the result' b"of people knowing or firmly believing in an idea and one's desire to show" b"others of one's rightness. i assume that god decided to be judge for our" b'sake as much as his own, if we allow him who is kind and merciful be the' b"judge, we'll probably be better off than if others judged us or we judged" b'ourselves. b'^^^^^^^^^' b'1 cor "but if we judged ourselves, we would not come under judgment.' b'when we are judged by the lord, we are being discipled so' b'that we will not be condemned with the world."' b'' b'1 cor "even though i am not physically present, i am with you in spirit.' b'and i have already passed judgment on the one who did this, just as if i were' b'present." b'' b'1 cor "the spiritual man makes judgments about all things, but he' b"himself is not subject to any man's judgement: 'for" b"who has known the mind of the lord that he may instruct him?' but we have the" b'mind of christ."' b'' b'jude "enoch, the seventh from adam, prophesied about these men: \'see,' b'the lord is coming with thousands upon thousands of his holy ones to judge' b'everyone, and to convict all the ungodly of all' b'the ungodly acts they have done in the ungodly way, and of all the harsh words' b'ungodly sinners have spoken against him.\'"' b'' b"arrogance is a sin. although a desire to show others of one's rightness may" b'be a sign of arrogance in some cases, it may be only a sign that they are' b'following the bible in others:' b'' b'jude "be merciful to those who doubt; snatch others from the fire and' b'save them; to others show mercy, mixed with fear hating even' b'^^^^ the clothing stained by corrupted flesh."' b'' b'' b"if i find someone arrogant, i typically don't have anything to do with them." b'' b"i hope you don't find me arrogant, then. this sounds like a bad practice b'ignoring what certain people say because you perceive them as arrogant.' b'' b'james "my dear brothers, take note of this: everyone should be quick to' b'listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry,"' b'' b'- aaron' 