b'' b'heres the life of st. maria goretti, posted with kind permission of' b'the editor of the australian catholic magazine "morning star".' b'' b'hope you like it.' b'' b'put up with anything to prevent sin st. maria goretti' b'' b'' b'' b'maria was born on october 16th to luigi and assunta goretti,' b'the eldest daughter in the family of seven. she was a cheerful' b'girl, always imitating her parents. she had but one disire, but' b'one wish: to receive our lord in the blessed sacrament.' b'' b'the date was finally set for little maria to receive our lord on' b'the feast of corpus christi. for maria, time seemed like an eter-' b'nity as she slowly neared the great day. when it finally' b'arrived, fr. jerome( the priest who was to celebrate the mass and' b'give the children their first holy communion) delivered a sermon' b'on\tthe immense love of jesus christ for them and the great love' b'we should have in return for him. he then warmly urged them to' b'die rather than commit a mortal sin.' b'' b'maria humbly approached the altar of god and received the holy' b"eucharist.\ther only sadness was the thought of her father's" b'absence, who died some time beforehand. as for the\trest of the' b'day, maria remained under the spell of the divine visit; that is' b'until' b'' b'-4-' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'her thoughts changed to when she could go next to holy communion.' b"thus ended the happiest day of maria's life." b'' b'over the next twelve months, maria had changed from a giggling' b'little girl into a quiet young lady with responsibilities. as her' b'mother went out into the fields in place of her husband,\tmaria' b'took on the ironing, cooking, washing and other motherly duties.' b'she was doing this not only for her own family, but also for the' b"serenellis, a father and son who lived with the goretti's, owning" b'a share in the farm. although maria was poorer than all the other' b'children, she by far surpassed them in virtue. in all thi ngs she' b'did the holy will of god.' b'' b'during the month of june, alessandro serenelli(the son)\ttwice' b'made advances upon maria when he chanced to be alone with her. on' b"both occasions maria managed to struggle free of alessandro's" b'strong grip, but on the second, he threatened to kill her if she' b'even uttered a word to her mother. from this day on, maria\tlived' b'in terror, fearing lest alessandro attack again.' b'' b'' b'on july 5th alessandro left work in the fields to "get a' b'handkerchief," as\the claimed. he went to the storeroom beneath' b'the house where maria, who was outside on the landing with the' b'baby, could hear him fumbling about in with tools. she wondered' b'what he was doing. it was later learned that he was sharpening a' b'91/2" blade. he went to the house and called for maria. she told' b"him she wouldn't go to him unless she knew why she was needed. he" b'stormed out to the landing and dragged her up to her room. mar ia' b'instantly realized what he was up to. "no, no, no! do not\ttouch' b'me! it is a sin, you will go to hell!" at this point alessandro' b"held the knife over maria's chest, who was now on the floor." b'' b'"will you or will you not?" maria gathered all her energy.\t"no i' b'will not,\talessandro, no!" she had chosen her martyrdom over' b'sin, god over satan. overcome with rage, alessandro plunged the' b"knife into maria's breast fourteen times. finally he came to" b'his senses and thought maria was dead. frantically he threw the' b'knife behind a closet and locked himself in his room. the crying' b'of the baby teresa\ton the landing brought the\tattention to' b'assunta and the father of alessandro. as the baby was unattended' b'and was in danger of falling off, they ran to the house to find' b'maria, who, covered in blood, was dragging herself to the door.' b'when asked what happened she said alessandro stabbed her. "he' b'wanted to make me do wrong and i would not."' b'' b'the ambulance arrived, then the police who took alessandro\taway.' b'as\tthe ambulance\tcarried maria to the hospital, a large crowd' b'followed on foot. the doctors at the hospital held no hope for' b'poor little maria. the same fr. jerome who gave maria her first' b'communion' b'' b'-5-' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'came to administer the last rites and to give her holy viaticum.' b'he asked maria if she would forgive her murderer. "yes. for the' b'love of jesus i forgive him. i wish for him to one day join me' b'in\tparadise. may god forgive him, for i alread y have." maria' b"died at about three o'clock." b'' b"alessandro was tried and found guilty of maria's death but" b'because of his age he was sentenced to only thirty years in' b'prison. after eight years of being a violent prisoner and show-' b'ing no regret for his crime, he saw in a dream, in the midst of' b'a field of flowers, maria holding out a bunch of white lilies to' b"him. soon later he wrote to the local bishop, begging god's par-" b'don for the grave sin he had committed. he later gave testimony' b"in\tmaria's beatification in less than three years later," b'on ju ne 24th maria was canonised. assunta goretti was the' b"first mother ever to be present at her daughter's canonisation." b'' b'may st. maria goretti help\tus to\tbe pure and grant us the' b'strength to die rather than commit a mortal sin.' b'' b'saint maria goretti, pray for us.' b'' b'' b'by brendan arthur' b'' b'--' b'viva cristo rey long live christ the king.' 