b'' b'dave davis writes:' b'' b' let my state my point as provocatively as possible. b'' b" after going through several study bibles, i'm leaning heavily towards the" b" assertion that _sirach_ ('the wisdom of ben sira' or 'ecclesiasticus')" b' is directly referenced by _james_ in fact, i think' b' sirach is more directly referenced by james than _job_ or _ruth_ is' b" referenced in any nt verse i've seen." b'' b'good point. the new testament does not quote ezra, nehemiah, esther,' b'ruth, job, ecclesiastes, or song of songs, just as it does not quote' b'from the deuterocanon. but if the non-quotation of the former does not' b'disqualify them, neither does the non-quotation of the later. and the' b'wisodm of solomon was quite clearly an influence on st. paul, especially' b'in the letter to the romans (cf especially romans and wisdom' b'13-14).' b'' b'[stuff deleted]' b'' b'i think everyone would agree that principles that cannot be' b'consistently applied are not very useful as principles.' b'so, if we are to exclude them (not accord them the authority of' b' scripture) we would appear to require other reasons. what might these' b' reasons be? tradition (always a fav. with episcop.) tradition is equivocal' b' on this subject. sirach, i believe, is in vaticanus sinaiticus' b" i don't know if it is listed in the muratorian canon" b' (the oldest list i know of). sirach (and the others) are discussed' b' by the fathers, as scripture, but not unanimously.' b'' b'true. not all accepted them as scripture, though niether were all the' b'books of the new testament so accepted, which puts to the lie the whole' b'argument of the books being excluded because they were debated and not' b'universally accepted. hebrews, the apocalypse, peter, esther, and' b'others were debated at various times, but eventually retained. as for' b'the codexes you mention, both vaticanus and sinaitcus include the' b'deuterocanon, bothe of the new and old testaments, and vaticanus (i' b'think) inlcudes clement, the shepard of hermas, and the epistle of' b'baranabas. as for the muratorian canon, it deals with the new testament' b'only, though it is very valuable in its witness to those books.' b'' b' my interim conclusion is that protestant exclusion of' b" (at least one of) these writings is one of those 'traditions" b" of men' one hears of so often. they were excluded during the" b' reformation, and that appears to be the reason many people' b' continue to exclude them.' b'' b'any takers? i can be reasonable. (if all else fails b"show me where i'm wrong." b'' b"you're not wrong! it is a `tradition of men' to exlcude them, as i" b'will explain below.' b'' b'"that nothing be read in the church under the nmae of divine scripture,' b'except the canonical scriptures, and the canoncial scriptures are b'genesis, exodus, leviticus, numbers, deuteronomy, joshua, judges, ruth,' b'four books of kingdoms [being samuel and kings], two books of' b'paralpomenon [being chronicles], job, the psalter of david, the five' b'books of solomon [being proverbs, ecclesiastes, song of songs, wisdom of' b'solomon, and [misatributed to him] the wisdom of jesus son of sirach],' b'the books of the twelve (minor) prophets, isaiah, jeremiah [being' b'jeremiah, the lamentations, baruch, and the letter, all of which were' b'formerly counted as one], ezekiel, daniel, tobit, judith, esther, two' b'books of ezra [being ezra and nehemiah], two books of maccabees. and of' b'the new testament: four books of the gospel, one book of the acts of the' b'apostles, thirteen letters of paul the apostle, one letter of the same' b'to the hebrews, two of peter the apostle, three of john, one of the' b'apostle jude, one of the apostle james, one book of the apocalypse of' b'john."' b'-council of hippo, statute ad)' b'' b'this same list was promulgated again at the third council of carthage' b'(397 ad), and at the sixth council of carthage ad) at which' b'council the same list was enumerated with the words "because we have' b'recieved from the fathers that these are the books to be read in the' b'church." which ought to quiet those who assert "in the name of holy' b'scripture we do understand those books of whose authority there was' b'never any doubt in the church," as the episcopal church does in removing' b'the deuterocanon from the realm of scripture. (though the episcopalians' b'hold them in high regard and read them in the church, they are not' b'counted as scripture by them, and may not be used to prove dogma. the' b'lutherans hold out similarly.)' b'earlier mention of the so-called apocrypha as divine scripture can also' b'be found, and below i inlcude only a portion of the quotes calling it' b'divine scripture that could be found among the writings of the fathers.' b'' b'"and this is the reason why the law of the old testament is reckoned as' b'consisting of twenty-two books: so that they may correspond to the' b'number of letters [in the hebrew alphabet].... it is to be noted also' b'that by adding to these tobias and judith, there are twenty-four books,' b'corresponding to the number of letters used by the greeks."' b'-st. hillary of poitiers, "commentaries on the psalms," prologue, ad)' b'' b'"the twenty-two books according to the hebrews are jeremiah, with' b'lamentations and the letter, reckoned as one and [also] there is' b'maccabees."' b'-origen, "commentaries on the psalms," psalm ad)' b'' b'"divine scripture, addressing itself to those who love themselves and to' b'the boastful says most excellently [baruch follows]."' b'-st. clement of alexandria, "the instuctor of children," ad)' b'' b'"....i learned accurately the books of the old testament proverbs of' b'solomon, and also wisdom b'-st. melito of sardes, fragment found in eusebius\' "history of the' b'church," and dating from crica ad, book b'' b'"it is likewise decreed: now, indeed, we must treat of the divine' b'scriptures: what the universal catholic church accepts and what she must' b'shun. the list of the old testament wisdom, one book;' b'ecclesiasticus, one book tobit, one book judith, one book; of' b'maccabees, two books."' b'-st. damasus i, pope, "the decree of damsus," section ad)' b'' b'i would think this enough, though more can be shown, that the church' b'has always accepted the deutero-canon, though parts have been disputed' b'by various persons. for if disputes involving the new testament' b'deutero-canon does not disqulaify those books (i.e. hebrews, james, b'peter, john, jude, revelation) in protestant eyes, than neither' b'should it disqulaify the old testament books. and i must point out that' b'the jews only drew up their canon in ad, years after the founding' b'of the christian religion upon the cross. why should we adhere to a' b'canon that was drawn up by the faithless, in reaction to the chrsitian' b'use of the greek septuagint, which includes the deutero-canon? as early' b'as ad, st. justin had already accused the jews of mutilating the' b'canon of scripture by their removal of certain books. protestants' b"apparently prefer to think that god's revelation was limited by a decree" b"of the jews in the ordering of their (the jews') faithless canon, and" b'that he could not use other people, like the apostles, in drawing up the' b'canon. the apostles were most certain users of the septuagint, as some' b'80% of the old testament quotes use the wording of the septuagint, and' b'not the hebrew. and the septuagint includes the deuterocanon.' 