b'' b'vera shanti noyes writes;' b'' b'this is what indicates to me that you may believe in predestination.' b'am i correct? i do not believe in predestination i believe we all' b"choose whether or not we will accept god's gift of salvation to us." b"again, fundamental difference which can't really be resolved." b'' b"of course i believe in predestination. it's a very biblical doctrine as" b'romans shows (among other passages). furthermore, the church' b'has always taught predestination, from the very beginning. but to say' b'that i believe in predestination does not mean i do not believe in free' b'will. men freely choose the course of their life, which is also' b'affected by the grace of god. however, unlike the calvinists and' b'jansenists, i hold that grace is resistable, otherwise you end up with' b'the idiocy of denying the universal saving will of god timothy b'for god must give enough grace to all to be saved. but only the elect,' b'who he foreknew, are predestined and receive the grace of final' b'perserverance, which guarantees heaven. this does not mean that those' b"without that grace can't be saved, it just means that god foreknew their" b'obstinacy and chose not to give it to them, knowing they would not need' b'it, as they had freely chosen hell.' b'^^^^^^^^^^^' b'people who are saved are saved by the grace of god, and not by their own' b'effort, for it was god who disposed them to himself, and predestined' b'them to become saints. but those who perish in everlasting fire perish' b'because they hardened their heart and chose to perish. thus, they were' b'deserving of god;s punishment, as they had rejected their creator, and' b'sinned against the working of the holy spirit.' b'' b'yes, it is up to god to judge. but he will only mete out that' b'punishment at the last judgement.' b'' b'well, i would hold that as god most certainly gives everybody some' b'blessing for what good they have done (even if it was only a little),' b"for those he can't bless in the next life, he blesses in this one. and" b'those he will not punish in the next life, will be chastised in this one' b'or in purgatory for their sins. every sin incurs some temporal' b'punishment, thus, god will punish it unless satisfaction is made for it' b"(cf. samuel david's sin of adultery and murder were" b'forgiven, but he was still punished with the death of his child.) and i' b"need not point out the idea of punishment because of god's judgement is" b'quite prevelant in the bible. sodom and gommorrah, moses barred from' b'the holy land, the slaughter of the cannanites, annias and saphira,' b'jerusalem in ad, etc.' b'' b' if jesus stopped the stoning of an adulterous woman (perhaps this is' b"not a good parallel, but i'm going to go with it anyway), why should we" b'not stop the murder and violation of people who may (or may not) be more' b'innocent?' b'' b'we should stop the slaughter of the innocent (cf proverbs but' b'does that mean that christians should support a war in bosnia with the' b'u.s. or even the u.n. involved? i do not think so, but i am an' b'isolationist, and disagree with foreign adventures in general. but in' b'the case of bosnia, i frankly see no excuse for us getting militarily' b'involved, it would not be a "just war." "blessed" after all, "are the' b'peacemakers" was what our lord said, not the interventionists. our' b'actions in bosnia must be for peace, and not for a war which is' b'unrelated to anything to justify it for us.' b'' b'andy byler' 