b'' b'' b'' b'(stuff deleted)' b'' b'[first point. what they are doing is wrong, just as what' b"joseph's brothers did was wrong, just as what judas did was wrong." b'they intend it for evil. if god somehow brings good out of it, that' b'does not make them any less subject to just condemnation and' b'punishment.' b'second point. of course, god will bring good out of it. but not' b'the same good that he would have brought if the serbians had' b'refrained from the sins of robbery and rape and murder. nor does the' b'good he purposes excuse us from the duty of doing what is right.]' b'' b'' b"so what you're saying then, is that god exercises direct control, or" b"influence upon humanity. he doesn't control our every thought or action," b'but takes what we do, whether it be intended for evil or not, and turns' b'it into something good. it seems to me, that this idea conflicts with' b'the belief that god gave humans free will. as far as i can determine,' b'it is impossible to reconcile these two different ideas. if god were to' b'exert his influence upon anyone or anything at anytime, he would be' b"impeding upon someone's free will. unless, of course, you believe that" b'god did not give us complete and unabated free will, but rather, some sort' b'of conditional free will. something that allows us to make our own choices' b'and control our own lives except when god wants to use us to fulfill some' b'good purpose of his own by "hardening our heart" or controlling us in some' b'other way. i hear alot of people who look at various events, mostly' b'catastrophies or things like the aids epidemic and make comments about' b"god's will. i have a very difficult time understanding why people believe" b'that god controls anything that happens on this planet. except, possibly' b"when being asked to through someone's prayer. according to the bible," b"pharoah was going to let moses' people go after one or two plagues, but" b'god kept hardening his heart so moses could cast all plagues upon the' b'egyptians, the last plague causing the death of many innocent children.' b"so then, god impeded upon pharoah's free will and used him as a puppet." b'god did this not just to free the hebrews, but to free them in some sort' b"of a grand fashion. i suppose from the hebrew's point of view, this could" b"be seen as turning something bad into good, but i'm sure the egyptians didn't" b'see it this way. all of your examples of how god turned something bad into' b'something good are based upon showing favortism to one group of people over' b"another. after all, it's only good based upon your point of view. why does" b'god, who is supposed to be the god of all of humanity, play favorites?' 