b'' b'regarding the consequences of the original sin:' b'' b'catholics believe that what adam primarily lost by his sin, for' b'himself and the human race, was sanctifying grace. this is basically' b'a share in the divine life. take a rock and make it able to talk:' b'what god does to a human being through sanctifying grace is similar.' b'it makes such a one able to live on a plane that is above the powers' b'of any possible creature. this is the "everlasting life" that the new' b'testament speaks of.' b'' b'what christ did when he came was to restore this life of sanctifying' b'grace to the human race. he instituted the sacraments as the means by' b'which this life is given to people, and its increase fostered.' b'' b'the absence of sanctifying grace at death means automatic exclusion' b"from heaven. the nature of heaven is such that it's impossible for a" b'human being to have any part in it without the gift of sanctifying' b'grace. to use my example, it would be like taking that rock and' b'attempting to hold a conversation with it: rocks cannot talk. neither' b'can human beings live in heaven without sanctifying grace.' b'' b'this all obviously applies equally well to infants or adults, since' b'both have souls. infants must be baptized, therefore, or they cannot' b'enter into heaven. they too need this form of life in them, or they' b'cannot enter into heaven.' b'' b'turning it around, infant baptism is good supporting evidence for the' b'catholic belief in sanctifying grace. unless baptism causes some' b"change in an infant's soul, there is no particular reason to insist on" b'the practice. yet infant baptism was probably practiced by the' b'apostles themselves, and was *certainly* part of the church shortly' b'thereafter.' b'' b'there is evidence for infant baptism in the new testament itself: b'cor acts also acts it is known for' b'sure that at least one disciple of the apostle john was baptized as an' b'infant: st. polycarp (because of a remark he makes in the acts of his' b'martyrdom). st. justin martyr mentions men and women baptized as' b'infants. there is direct evidence in st. irenaeus\'s "against' b'heresies", and in tertullian\'s "on baptism". all these so far' b"mentioned are in the first years after our lord's death. after" b'that, there starts to be tons of evidence for the practice.' 