b'' b'the following is a juxtaposition of part of an ancient text known as' b'"de sacramentis", usually attributed to st. ambrose of milan, and the' b'canon of the traditional catholic mass of the roman rite. the' b'conclusion from this comparison is that the central part of the' b'traditional roman canon was already fairly well in place by sometime' b'in the late 4th century.' b'' b'taken from "the mass of the western rites", by the right reverend dom' b'fernand cabrol, abbot of farnborough, without permission.' b'excerpted from chapter vi: the mass at rome, from the fifth to the' b'seventh centuries. the paragraph at the end is from the book, not me.' b'' b'sorry about the long lines.' b'' b'joe buehler' b'' b'-----' b'' b'text of de sacramentis roman canon roman canon' b'(about ad) ad) (english translation)' b'' b'te igitur (omitted here)' b'memento domine b'communicantes b'hanc igitur oblationem b'' b'fac nobis (inquit sacerdos), quam oblationem tu deus, in do thou, o god, deign to' b'hanc oblationem ascriptam, omnibus, quaesumus, bless what we offer, and' b'ratam, rationabilem, benedictam, adscriptam, make it approved,' b'acceptabilem, quod figura ratam, rationabilem, effective, right, and' b'est corporis et sanguinis acceptabilemque facere wholly pleasing in every' b'jesu christi. digneris: ut nobis corpus et way, that it may become' b'sanguis fiat dilectissimi for our good, the body' b'filii tui domini nostri jesu and blood of thy dearly' b'christi. beloved son, jesus christ' b'our lord.' b'' b'qui pridie quam pateretur, qui pridie quam pateretur, who, the day before he' b'in sanctis manibus suis accepit panem in sanctas ac suffered, took bread into' b'accepit panem, respexit in venerabiles manus suas: et his holy and venerable' b'caelum ad te, sancte pater elevatis oculis in ccelum, hands, and having raised' b'omnipotens, aeterne deus, ad te deum patrem suum his eyes to heaven, unto' b'gratias agens, benedixit, omnipotentem, tibi gratias thee, o god, his almighty' b'fregit, fractum quae agens, benedixit, fregit, father, giving thanks to' b'apostolis suis et discipulis deditque discipulis suis thee, he blessed it, broke' b'suis tradidit dicens: dicens: accipite et it, and gave it to his' b'accipite et edite ex hoc manducate ex hoc omnes: hoc disciples, saying: take ye' b'omnes: hoc est enim corpus est enim corpus meum. all and eat of this:' b'meum, quod pro multis for this is my body.' b'confringetur.' b'' b'similiter etiam calicem simili modo postquam in like manner, when the' b'postquam caenatum est, caenatum est, accipiens et supper was done, taking' b'pridie quam pateretur, hunc praeclarum calicem in also this goodly chalice' b'accepit, respexit in sanctas ac venerabiles manus into his holy and' b'caelum ad te, sancte pater suas item tibi gratias venerable hands, again' b'omnipotens, aeterne deus, agens, benedixit deditque giving thanks to thee,' b'gratias agens, benedixit, discipulis suis, dicens: he blessed it, and gave it' b'apostolis suis et discipulis accipite et bibite ex eo to his disciples, saying:' b'suis tradidit, dicens: omnes: hic est enim calix take ye all, and drink of' b'accipite et bibite ex hoc sanguinis mei, novi et this: for this is the' b'omnes: hic est enim sanguis aeterni testamenti: chalice of my blood of the' b'meus. mysterium fidei; qui pro new and eternal covenant;' b'vobis et pro multis the mystery of faith,' b'effundetur in remissionem which shall be shed for' b'peccatorum. you and for many unto the' b'forgiveness of sins.' b'' b'haec quotiescumque feceritis as often as you shall do' b'in mei memoriam facietis. these things, in memory of' b'me shall you do them.' b'' b'ergo memores gloriosissimae unde et memores, domine, nos mindful, therefore, o' b'ejus passionis et ab inferis servi tui, sed et plebs tua lord, not only of the' b'resurrectionis, in caelum sancta, ejusdem christi blessed passion of the' b'ascensionis, offerimus tibi filii tui domini nostri, tam same christ, thy son, our' b'hanc immaculatam hostiam, beatae passionis necnon et lord, but also of his' b'hunc panem sanctum et ab inferis resurrectionis, resurrection from the' b'calicem vitae aeternae; sed et in caelos gloriosae dead, and finally his' b'ascensionis: offerimus glorious ascension into' b'praeclarae majestati tuae de heaven, we, thy ministers,' b'tuis donis ac datis, hostiam as also thy holy people,' b'puram, hostiam sanctam, offer unto thy supreme' b'hostiam immaculatam, panem majesty, of the gifts' b'sanctum vitae aeternae, et bestowed upon us, the' b'calicem salutis perpetuae. pure victim, the holy' b'victim, the all-perfect' b'victim: the holy bread of' b'life eternal and the' b'chalice of unending' b'salvation.' b'' b'et petimus et precamur, ut supra quae propitio ac and this do thou deign to' b'hanc oblationem suscipias in sereno vultu respicere regard with gracious and' b'sublimi altari tuo per manus digneris: et accepta habere, kindly attention and hold' b'angelorum tuorum sicut sicuti accepta, habere acceptable, as thou didst' b'suscipere dignatus es munera dignatus es munera pueri tui deign to accept the' b'pueri tui justi abel et justi abel, et sacrificium offerings of abel, thy' b'sacrificium patriarchae patriarchae nostri abrahae, just servant, and the' b'nostri abrahae et quod tibi et quod tibi obtulit summus sacrifice of abraham our' b'obtulit summus sacerdos sacerdos tuus melchisedech patriarch, and that which' b'melchisedech. sanctum sacrificium, thy chief priest' b'immaculatam hostiam. melchisedech offered unto' b'thee, a holy sacrifice and' b'a spotless victim.' b'' b'supplices te rogamus, most humbly we implore' b'omnipotens deus: jube haec thee, almighty god, bid' b'perferri per manus sancti these offerings to be' b'angeli tui in sublime altare brought by the hands of' b'tuum in conspectu divinae thy holy angel unto thy' b'majestatis tuae: etc. altar above; before the' b'face of thy divine' b'majesty; etc.' b'' b'there is no doubt that we have here two editions of the same' b'text; and as that of de sacramentis is localised in upper italy' b'and dated about the year it is the most ancient witness we' b'possess as to the principal parts of the roman canon, which only' b'appear in the sacramentaries some time after the seventh' b'century. the question as to whether the roman canon is not older' b'even than that of de sacramentis is discussed by' b'liturgiologists. mgr. batiffol is of this opinion, but we, on' b'the contrary, think that the former bears traces of closer' b'composition, of a more carefully guarded orthodoxy, and that' b'consequently it is a text corrected from de sacramentis. we' b'shall see, in studying the list of names in the memento of the' b'living and that of the dead, that mgr. batiffol argues with good' b'reason that he can date these fragments from the pontificate of' b'symmachus we thus have the state of the roman mass,' b'or at least of the chief parts of the canon, at the beginning of' b'the fourth century.' 