b'' b'' b'any one who thinks that homosexuality and christianity are compatible should' b'check' b'out:' b' romans b' i corinthians b' i timothy b' jude b' ii peter b' gen. b' lev b'(to name a few of the verses that pertain to homosexuality)' b'' b'homosexual christians have indeed "checked out" these verses. some of' b'them are used against us only through incredibly perverse interpretations.' b'others simply do not address the issues.' b'' b'i can see that some of the above verses do not clearly address the issues,' b'however, a couple of them seem as though they do not require "incredibly' b'perverse interpretations" in order to be seen as condemning homosexuality.' b'' b'"... do not be deceived; neither fornicators, nor idolators, nor adulterers,' b'nor effeminate, nor homosexuals, nor thieves, nor the covetous, nor drunkards,' b'nor revilers, nor swindlers, shall inherit the kingdom of god. and such were' b'some of you..." i cor. b'' b'would someone care to comment on the fact that the above seems to say' b'fornicators will not inherit the kingdom of god? how does this apply' b'to homosexuals? i understand "fornication" to be sex outside of' b'marriage. is this an accurate definition? is there any such thing as' b'same-sex marriage in the bible? my understanding has always been that' b'the new testament blesses sexual intercourse only between a husband' b'and his wife. i am, however, willing to listen to scriptural evidence' b'to the contrary.' b'' b'"you shall not lie with a male as one lies with a female; it is an' b'abomination. also you shall not have intercourse with any animal to' b'be defiled with it, nor shall any woman stand before an animal to mate' b'with it; it is a perversion." lev. b'' b'i notice that the verse forbidding bestiality immediately follows the' b'verse prohibiting what appears to be homosexual intercourse. i know' b'of no new testament passages that clearly condemn, or even mention,' b'intercourse with animals. do those who argue for the legitimacy of' b'homosexual intercourse believe that the bible condemns bestiality as a' b'perversion, and if so, why? that is, what verses would you cite to' b'prove that bestiality was perverted and sinful? could the verses you' b'cite be refuted by interpreting them differently? can one be a' b'christian zoophile?' b'' b'by the way, i myself am subject to sexual desires that i did not' b'choose to have and that many people would regard as perverted and' b'sinful, so please understand that i am not asking these questions out' b'of an antipathy towards my fellow "people of alternative' b'orientations". i do believe, however, that one should read the bible' b'with an attitude of "what is the bible trying to say" and not "what do' b'i want the bible to say." i choose not to give in to my "perverted"' b'sexual desires because i believe the bible tries to tell me, whether i' b'like it or not, that such things are sin. it is frustrating at times,' b"and i have had days where it really got me down, but i don't blame god" b'for this, i blame the sin itself.' b'' b'- mark' b'' b"[there's some ambiguity about the meaning of the words in the passage" b'you quote. both liberal and conservative sources seem to agree that' b'"homosexual" is not the general term for homosexuals, but is likely to' b"have a meaning like homosexual prostitute. that doesn't meant that i" b'think all the biblical evidence vanishes, but the nature of the' b"evidence is such that you can't just quote one verse and solve things." b'' b'i think your argument from fornication is circular. why is' b"homosexuality wrong? because it's fornication. why is it" b"fornication? because they're not married. why aren't they married?" b'because the church refuses to do a marriage ceremony. why does the' b'church refuse to do a marriage ceremony? because homosexuality is' b"wrong. in order to break the circle there's got to be some other" b'reason to think homosexuality is wrong.' b'' b'--clh]' 