b'' b'it troubles me that there have been so many posts recently trying to support' b'the doctrine of original sin. this is primarily a catholic doctrine, with no' b'other purpose than to defend the idea of infant baptism. even among, its' b'supporters, however, people will stop short of saying that unbaptised infants' b'will go to hell.' b'' b"it's very easy for just about anyone to come up with a partial list of" b'scripture to support any sort of wrong doctrine. however, if we have the' b'heart to persevere in our beliefs to make sure that they are biblically' b"based, then we can come to an understanding of the truth. let's now take a" b'more complete look at scripture.' b'' b'colossians "in him you were also circumcised, in the putting off of' b'the sinful nature, not with a circumcision done by christ, having been' b'buried with him in baptism and raised with him through your faith in the' b'power of god, who raised him from the dead."' b'' b'in baptism, we are raised to a new life in christ (romans through a' b"personal faith in the power of god. our parent's faith cannot do this. do" b"infants have faith? let's look at what the bible has to say about it." b'' b'romans "but not all the israelites accepted the good news. for' b"isaiah says, 'lord, who has believed our message?' consequently, faith" b'comes from hearing the message, and the message is heard through the word' b'of christ."' b'' b"so then we receive god's gift of faith to us as we hear the message of the" b"gospel. faith is a possible response to hearing god's word preached. kids" b'are not yet spiritually, intellectually, or emotionally mature enough to' b"respond to god's word. hence they cannot have faith and therefore cannot" b'be raised in baptism to a new life.' b'' b'ezekiel "the soul who sins will die. the son will not share the' b'guilt of the father, nor will the father share the guilt of the son. the' b'righteousness of the righteous man will be credited to him, and the' b'wickedness of the wicked will be charged against him."' b'' b"if you read all of ezekiel you will see that god doesn't hold us guilty" b"for anyone else's sins. so we can have no original guilt from adam." b'' b'ezekiel "rid yourselves of all the offenses you have committted,' b'and get a new heart and a new spirit. why will you die, o house of israel?' b'for i take no pleasure in the death of anyone, declares the sovereign lord.' b'repent and live!"' b'' b'the way to please god is to repent and get a new heart and spirit. kids' b'cannot do this. acts says that when we repent and are baptized, we' b'will then receive a new spirit, the holy spirit. then we shall live.' b'' b'now then that we have a little more background as to why original sin is' b"not biblical, let's look at some of the scriptures used to support it." b'' b'romans "therefore, just as sin entered the world through one man, and' b'death through sin, and in this way death came to all men, because all' b'sinned--"' b'' b'sin and death entered the world when the first man sinned. death came to' b"each man because each man sinned. note that it's good to read through all" b'of romans some of the verses are easier to misunderstand than' b'others, but if we read them in context we will see that they are all' b"saying basically the same thing. let's look at one such." b'' b'romans "for just as through the disobedience of the one man the many' b'were made sinners, so also through the obedience of the one man the many' b'will be made righteous."' b'' b'through the disobedience of each individual, each was made a sinner. in' b'the same way, through the obedience of jesus, each will be made righteous.' b'we must remember when reading through this passage that death came to each' b'man only because each man sinned, not because of guilt from adam.' b'otherwise the bible would contradict itself. i encourage you to read' b'through this whole passage on your own, looking at it from this point of' b"view to see if it doesn't all fit together." b'' b'psalm "surely i was sinful at birth, sinful from the time my mother' b'conceived me."' b'' b'this whole psalm is a wonderful example of how we should humble ourselves' b"before god in repentance for sinning. david himself was a man after god's" b'own heart and wrote the psalm after committing adultry with bathsheba and' b"murdering her husband. all that david is saying here is that he can't" b"remember a time when he wasn't sinful. he is humbling himself before god" b'by confessing his sinfulness. his saying that he was sinful at birth is' b"a hyperbole. the bible, being inspired by god, isn't limited to a literal" b'interpetation, but also uses figures of speech as did jesus (john b'for another example of hyperbole, see luke b'' b'now then, even though people see that baptism requires faith and that' b'original sin is not biblical, they will still argue that infant baptism is' b'necessary because children sin by being selfish not sharing toys with' b'other children, by being mean hitting others and fighting, etc.' b'' b'certainly we have observed children doing wrong things, but my gut feeling' b"is always that they don't know any better. let's look to see if the bible" b'agrees with my gut feelings.' b'' b'isaiah "therefore the lord himself will give you a sign: the' b'virgin will be with child and will give birth to a son, and will call him' b'immanuel. he will eat curds and honey when he knows enough to reject the' b'wrong and choose the right."' b'' b'now just about any church leader will tell you that this is a prophecy' b"about jesus. if they don't, then point them to matthew and find a new" b"leader. jesus certainly couldn't have had less knowledge than normal human" b'babies. yet this passage says that he had to mature to a certain extent' b'before he would know the difference between right and wrong. we see that' b'he did grow and become wiser in luke and the implication is' b'that jesus did wrong things as a child before he knew to choose right over' b'wrong. since we know that jesus was perfect without sin, we have rather' b"conclusive proof that babies cannot sin because they don't know to choose" b'the right instead of the wrong.' b'' b"jesus himself was baptized, albeit with john's baptism, not as an infant," b'but as a thirty-year-old man (luke and started his ministry as' b'soon as he was baptized (luke immediately afterwards, he was' b'tempted by the devil (luke matthew mark b'' b'thank you for your attention.' b'' b'moderator this should finish up the subject for a while. perhaps you' b'would like to make a faq out of this response so that you can repost it' b'from time to time when the topic comes up. feel free to rearrange the' b'contents if you would like to, but please send me a copy of the final faq.' b'' b'sincerely,' b'' b'aaron cardenas' b'' b"[i think you're overly optimistic about the authoritative quality of" b'your response. first, original sin is not a catholic-only doctrine.' b'it was held by luther and calvin as well, and is still present in one' b'form or another in the lutheran and reformed traditions. second,' b'saying that it has no other purpose than defending infant baptism is' b'an ad hominem argument, which has considerable evidence against it.' b'the original baptist theology included original sin, and some baptists' b'still hold it. and there are certainly groups that baptize infants' b'without believing in original sin. among protestants, the sacraments' b'tend to be a bit more symbolic than among catholics. protestants who' b"baptize infants see baptism as a sign of god's acceptance of us," b'rather than our acceptance of god. in traditional protestant' b"theology, god's grace precedes our response, and is applicable to" b'children. there are a number of passages one can cite to indicate' b'that god accepts even children. --clh]' 