b'' b"| imagine the worst depth of despair you've" b"| ever encountered, or the worst physical pain you've ever experienced." b'| some people suffer such emotional, physical, and mental anguish' b'| in their lives that their deaths seem to be merciful. but at least' b'| the pain does end in death. what if you lived a hundred such lives,' b'| at the conclusion of one you were instantly reborn into another?' b'| what if you lived a million, a billion years in this state?' b'| what if this kept going forever?' b'' b'' b"did this happen to jesus? i don't think so, not from what i heard. he lived" b'one day of suffering and died. if the wages of sin is the above paragraph, then' b"jesus didn't pay for our sins, did he?" b'' b"this is something i've always found a little curious. i've never quite understood" b'the trinity thing. on the one hand, jesus is supposed to be god incarnate. but,' b'at the same time, he is god\'s son "for god so loved the world that he gave his' b'only begotten son". first question is, if jesus was god in human form, how could' b'he really be god\'s son? if the holy ghost "planted the seed" in mary, so to speak,' b"then it seems that jesus' relationship to god would be the equivalent to the" b"human father/son relationship. while a son might inherit alot of the father's" b'qualities, he is not the father. they are still two separite entities. to try' b'and say that a son is the same person as the father is obviously wrong. in that' b"case, jesus and god aren't the same. on the other hand, if their relationship" b"isn't the same as the human father/son relationship, but jesus is actually god" b"incarnate, then he's not really god's son and he never was. he's just god" b"manifesting himself as jesus. at least, this is how i'm seeing it. can someone" b'who is more knowledgeable about the trinity enlighten us?' b'' b'getting back to the original question, what is the great price that jesus paid' b'to redeem our sins? was it dying on the cross? since jesus knew that he would' b'rise again in days and then ascend back to heaven, i have a hard time seeing' b'how this is considered paying such a great price for humanity. his earthly body' b'may have been killed, but then, so what? he suffered a few hours of physical' b'pain, but then, there has been many a human who has suffered a great deal more.' b"the fact that jesus was god's only begotten son doesn't seem to me to have much" b'meaning since god can beget as many sons as he wants to. jesus being the only' b'one was simply a matter of choice. i suspect that these questions will be very' b'offensive to many christians on this net. to those people, please accept my' b'sincere apologies. it is not my intention to offend or to trivialize christ.' b'but, i do believe these are legitimate questions and i am genuinely curious.' b'' b'[note that the trinity and incarnation have to be looked at together.' b'first, your reading of the virgin birth is an uncommon one. (in this' b"group, it's dangerous to say that no one believes something.) you" b"seem to be suggesting the jesus is god's son in a physical sense," b'with the holy spirit as father and mary as mother. i consider that' b'terrible heresy, though some people react less violently. the virgin' b"birth says that jesus' birth is god's responsibility. but it doesn't" b"imply that god's sperm was involved. indeed one (though by no means" b"the only) speculation is that god used joseph's genetic material." b'' b'second, jesus is in some sense doubly indirect from the father. in a' b'trinitarian context, the term son refers to the eternal logos, who is' b"a part of god. the son didn't come into existence with jesus' birth." b"jesus is the incarnation of the son. so his sonness isn't" b"specifically a result of being incarnated. rather, it's the son" b'who was incarnated.' b'' b'--clh]' 