b'' b'heres a nice story to help explain the virtues of purity, innocence' b'and modesty, and their importance.' b'' b'' b'' b'the most beautiful virtues' b'' b'this story is an excerpt taken from the basket of flowers by' b'johann christoph von schmid' b'' b'' b'in a certain little market town, over a hundred years ago,\tthere' b'lived an upright\tand intelligent man named jacob rede. he was' b'married to a most virtuous young woman and they lived happily in' b'a humble home which was in the midst of a large, beautiful val-' b"ley. after living many, happy years together, jacob's wife\tdied," b'leaving him alone with only one friend...his daughter mary. even' b'as a child mary was uncommonly pretty; but as she grew in years,' b'her piety, her innocence, her modesty and her unfeigned kindne ss' b'towards all she came in contact with, gave to her beauty a rare' b'and peculiar charm. her face was lighted up with a look of such' b'indescribable goodness, that it seemed almost as though one' b'looked upon an angel.' b'' b"mary's greatest delight was the beautiful garden and her favour-" b'ite flowers were the violet, the lily and the rose. jacob loved' b'to point to them as emblems of the virtues most becoming to her' b'gender. when\tshe once, early in march brought the first violet to' b'him and joyfully called upon him to admire it, he said:' b'' b'let the modest violet, my dear mary, be to you an image of humil-' b'ity and of the benevolence that does good in secret. it clothes' b'itself in the tender colours of modesty; it prefers to bloom in' b'retired grots; it fills the air with its fragrance while remain-' b'ing hidden beneath the leaves. may you also, my dear mary, be' b'like the retiring violet, avoiding vain display, not seeking to' b'attract the public\teye, but preferring ever to do good in' b'quietude and peace.' b'' b'one morning when the roses and lilies were in full bloom and the' b'garden appeared in its richest array, jacob said to his daughter,' b'as he pointed out a beautiful lily, which\twas beaming in the' b'morning sun:' b'' b'let the lily my dear child, be to you the emblem' b'of purity. look how beautiful, how pure and fair it is! the whi-' b'test linen is as nothing compared with the purity of its petals:' b'they are like the snow. happy the maiden whose heart is as pure' b'and as free from stain. but the purest of all colours is also the' b'hardest' b'' b'-5-' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'to preserve pure. easily is the petal of the lily soiled;\ttouch' b'it\tbut carelessly or roughly and a stain is left behind. in the' b'same way, a word or a thought may stain the purity of innocence!' b'then pointing to a rose he said:' b'' b'let the rose my dear mary, be to you an emblem of modesty. more' b'beautiful than the colour of the rose is the blush that rises to' b'the cheek of a modest girl. it is a sign that she is still pure' b'of\theart and innocent in thought. happy is the maiden whom the' b'suggestion of a thought that is indelicate, will cause to blush,' b'as\tshe is thus put on her guard against the approach of danger.' b'the cheeks which readily blush will remain for a long time with' b'their roseate hue, while those which fail to blush at the least' b'indelicacy of thought will soon become pale and\twan, and go' b'before their time to the grave."' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'among the many fruit trees that adorned the garden there was one' b'that was prized above all the others. it was an apple tree, not' b'much larger than a rose bush, and stood by itself in the middle' b"of\tthe garden. mary's father had planted it the day that she was" b'born and every year it bore a number of beautiful apples. once it' b'blossomed earlier\tthan usual and with unusual luxuriance. the' b'tree was one mass of blossom. mary was so delighted with it that' b'she went every morning as soon as she was dressed to look at' b'it. once, when it was in full bloom, she called to her father' b'and said:' b'' b'look father, how beautiful! was there ever such a lovely mingling' b'of\tred and white? the whole tree looks like one huge bunch of' b'flowers!' b'' b'the next morning she hastened into the garden to feast her eyes' b'once more\tupon the tree. but what was her grief to see that the' b'frost had nipped it and destroyed all its flowers. they were all' b'become brown and\tyellow\tand when the\tsun came forth in its' b'strength they withered and fell to the ground. mary wept bitter' b'tears at the sight. then said the father:' b'' b'thus, does sinful pleasure destroy the bloom of youth. oh my' b'child, never cease to remember how dreadful it is to be seduced' b'from the path of right! behold in the example of the apple tree' b'an\timage of what would happen if you were to wander from the way' b'- if the hopes your conduct hitherto has\traised\tin my\theart' b'should vanish, not merely for a day or year, but for life. ah,' b'then how much more bitter would be the tears which i would shed' b'over your lapse from virtue than those which now course down your' b'cheeks! life would have no joys for me: with tears in my eyes i' b'should' b'' b'-6-' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'go down sorrowfully to my grave.' b'' b'as he spoke, the tears stood in his eyes; mary was deeply moved,' b'and the words he uttered made so profound an impression upon her' b'mind that she never forgot them.' b'' b'under the eyes of a father so loving and\twise, and amid the' b'flowers of her garden, mary grew daily in stature and intelli-' b'gence blooming as a rose, pure as a lily and retiring\tas a' b'violet, and as full of promise as a tree laden with blossom.' b'' b'happy was the old man at all times to behold how plenteously the' b'fruits of\this garden rewarded his diligent toil; but with how' b'much more happiness and content did he mark the gracious effect' b'produced upon the heart and mind of his beloved daughter by his' b'pious teaching and example.' b'' b'jacob plucked several roses and lilies, tied them together\tin a' b'bunch and gave them to mary with the words:' b'' b'the lily and the rose, sister flowers as they are, belong the one' b'to\tthe other; both incomparable in their beauty, they are ren-' b'dered still more lovely by being together. in the\tsame way my' b'dear child are innocence and modesty twin sisters of virtue and' b'cannot be separated' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'the greatest and most powerful guardian of purity is the thought' b'of the presence of god' b'' b'--' b'viva cristo rey long live christ the king.' 