b'' b'' b'i, not dave davis, wrote:' b'' b"the deutero-canonical books were added much later in the church's" b'history. they do not have the same spiritual quality as the rest of' b'scripture. i do not believe the church that added these books was' b'guided by the spirit in so doing. and that is where this sort of' b'discussion ultimately ends.' b'' b"sorry, i put my foot in my mouth, concerning the church's history." b'it is correct to say that the council of hippo listed the' b'deuterocanonical books among those accepted for use in the' b'church, and that this was ratified by the council of carthage,' b'and by pope innoent i and gelasius i ad).' b'' b"yet eerdman's history of the church says:" b'' b'"at the end of the fourth century views still differed in regard to' b'the extent of the canon, or the number of the books which should' b'be acknowledged as divine and authoritative.' b'' b'the jewish canon, or the hebrew bible, was universally' b'received, while the apocrypha added to the greek version' b'of the septuagint were only in a general way accounted as books' b'suitable for church reading, and thus as a middle class between' b'canonical and strictly apocryphal (pseudonymous) writings.' b'and justly; for those books, while they have great historical' b'value, and fill the gap between the old testament and the new,' b'all originated after the cessation of prophecy, and the cannot' b'be therefore regarded as inspired, nor are they ever cited' b'by christ or the aposteles."' b'' b'"in the western church the canon of both testaments was closed' b'at the end of the fourth century through the authority of' b'jerome (who wavered, however, between critical doubts and the' b'principle of tradition), and more especially of augustine,' b'who firmly followed the alexandrian canon of the septuagint,' b'and the preponderant tradition in reference to the catholic' b'epistles and the revelation; though he himself, in some' b'places, inclines to consider the old testament apocrypha' b'as *deutero* canonical, bearing a subordinate authority."' b'' b'this history goes on to say that augustine attended both the' b'council of hippo and of carthage.' b'' b'it is interesting to note, however, the following footnote to' b'the fourth session of the council of trent. the footnote' b'lists various synods which endorsed lists of canonical' b'books, but then says "the tridentine list or decree was the' b'first *infallible* and effectually promulgated declaration' b'on the canon of the holy scriptures."' b'' b'which leads one to think that the rc canon was not official' b'until trent. thus my previous erroneous statement was' b'not entirely groundless.' b'' b'it is also interesting to note that the council of trent' b'went on to uphold "the old latin vulgate edition" of' b'the scriptures as authentic. which, i would suppose,' b"today's catholic scholars wish the council had never said." b'also the council made no distinction between deutero-canonical' b"and canonical books--in contrast to (eerdman's statement of) the" b'fourth century views.' b'' b'david wagner' b'a confessional lutheran' 