b'' b'note: the following article is submitted on behalf of someone (frank' b'daniels) who has difficulty posting to s.r.c, email replies to' b'' b'i am unable to post to the bitnet groups.' b'here is a capsule history of the shepherding/discipleship movement in' b'the churches of christ (i.e. crossroads/boston):' b'' b'i could trace the movement back as far as and indeed some of its' b'roots go back that far, but these were really "influences" on the movement,' b'and not the actual movement, per se.' b'i will start in c.1920.' b"in that day, there were 'white' churches and 'colored' churches in" b'nearly every area (due to segregation). modern pentecostalism was developing' b"as a predominantly 'colored' phenomenon. here, there was great fanaticism," b'emphasis on emotional experiences, and belief in a personal guidance and' b'indwelling of the holy spirit.' b"many 'white' protestant churches were growing into what became known" b'as conservative fundamentalism. by the 1940s, the evangelical movement was' b'in full swing, and many groups were becoming part of it.' b"when the civil rights movement grew stronger (in the 1950's and" b"1960's)," b"many 'white' church groups began to be influenced by the 'black' churches and" b'by what was going on there. this spread started in the most liberal of groups' b"and spread to the more conservative ones by the late '60's. in even the" b'catholic church was displaying evidence of influence by the other' b'groups...still' b'evident today.' b'' b'the churches of christ are (and were) a very conservative protestant' b'group. when the influence from outside began to reach the cofc in c.1965, it' b'was generally not appreciated. conservative groups are very strongly' b'resistant' b'to change, and the new movement was very different from the cofc status quo.' b'the magazines put out at that time by cofc folks tell the story as it' b'unfolds. new ideas came into the cofc. there was a big push to reach out to' b'college students, young adults, and teens. some called this the campus' b'evangel-' b'ism movement. emotions, generally not highly regarded in the cofc at large,' b'played a more important role in the new movement. in some places, people' b'began' b'to speak in tongues (as their pentecostal predecessors did).' b'this was met with extreme criticism from within the churches of' b'christ.' b'in some places, people were fired from their jobs for speaking in tongues or' b'for' b'advocating the "holy spirit movement", another name for the new branch. the' b'term "underground church of christ" also came into use because these people' b'had' b'to hide their differences (or they might be ostricised).' b'there were several congregations, however, whose leaderships were' b'receptive to the new ideas (at least in part; the tongues-speaking never' b'really' b'caught on). one of these was the 14th street church of christ in gainesville,' b'fl. campus ministry had already been regarded as important at 14th street,' b'and' b'the new ideas seemed to be very helpful tools for evangelism. they also' b'seemed' b'to put vitality into the church, which many felt had been lacking.' b'in october of the 14th street congregation hired chuck lucas to' b"be its campus minister. by he would move to being the congregation's" b"(lead) minister. in the late 60's/early 70's, the congregation worked with" b'many' b'other groups. they held bible discussions at daytona beach during spring' b'break.' b'they organized talks in the fraternities on the university of florida campus.' b'they also worked with uf sports people.' b'in the congregation ordered a larger building to be constructed.' b'when it was finished, the group moved and changed its name (now no longer' b'appropriate). it became the crossroads church of christ from then on, a name' b'that would become legendary.' b'' b'by this time, crossroads was basically the only cofc whose programs' b"were fully aligned to the new movement. while they didn't start it, they" b'continued it and were responsible for where it wound up going.' b'by none of the other churches of christ in the area felt that' b'they could cooperate with crossroads, due to what they recognized as doctrinal' b'problems at crossroads.' b'crossroads had begun to heavily emphasize, and later require' b'attendance' b'at all church functions. it was seen as a good thing for each member to have' b'at least one close relationship, a person with whom you would share all of' b'your problems, pray, and get help from. the concept was called prayer' b'partners,' b'which later became discipleship partners and also later became mandatory. the' b'leadership was assigning prayer partners to people for a while.' b'the book called "the master plan of evangelism" was a strong influence' b"on chuck lucas. he (and the group) believed that it was every person's duty" b'and life purpose to carry out the great commission. crossroads was growing' b'in number, and numbers became very important (some would say all-important).' b'a person who "was evangelistic" was "spiritual". evangelism meant' b'inviting people to crossroads events; if you did this a lot and some of them' b'converted, then you were "spiritual". there were sermons about how if you' b'bought groceries, the cashier and bag boy ought to receive invitations to' b'services. everyone at your job ought to receive invitations. since these' b'people needed jesus, you should be "aggressive"--don\'t take \'no\' for an' b'answer.' b'if you did not evangelize enough, you came to be called "lazy" or' b'"unspiritual".' b'by the end of the decade, the prayer partner system was integrated' b'into' b'a structure. the elders and ministers were on top (like a big pyramid). then' b'the group leaders, bible study leaders, and members. everyone who came in had' b'someone placed over them.' b'it is at this time, that the bad press about crossroads' b'began to circulate. the problem with rape on the university of florida campus' b'was tremendous, but crossroads was considered a bigger and more immediate' b'problem. there were many complaints about the congregation and its "pushy"' b'evangelistic tactics. crossroads was considering the other churches of christ' b'to be "dead" churches, which aggravated them; it was aggressively recruiting' b'out of the other church groups (denominations), which aggravated them.' b'' b'by this time, crossroads had grown numerically to the point b'where not only did they believe that they would soon need a new building, but' b'also they were sending out "planting" [create a new church] and' b'"reconstructing"' b'[reorganize an existing church] teams to other cities. by this time, the' b'crossroads movement was underway.' b'a group was sent to the 30-member lexington church of christ in' b'boston,' b'ma. the team was headed up by kip mckean, who had been converted out of a' b'fraternity by crossroads (in gainesville). kip held a still stronger view of' b'church authority, which he believed was heavily vested in the evangelist(s),' b'and not so much in the elders. he had been fired in from the' b'congregation' b'that he had been working at when the elders there found numerous things wrong' b'with his theology, including the practice of what came to be called one-over-' b'one' b'christianity. [called this by critics]' b'in the first year, half of the people felt that they did not want' b'to' b'be a part of the new congregation. they left. but others began coming into' b'the new boston church of christ.' b"ah, but i'm ahead of myself." b'at crossroads, the heavy-handed system had begun to take its toll on' b'the members. many have said that they felt that they were working hard, but' b'they were not achieving the results that were so important. the numbers were' b'dropping. from crossroads membership declined steadily. the leadership' b'began to tighten the reigns on the congregation, who was seen as being largely' b'"unproductive" and "unfruitful". the "fruit" passages in the nt were' b'interpreted' b'as referring to new converts. if you were not bearing fruit, said john b'you' b'would be cast into the fire! [boston still teaches this.]' b"if you love your neighbor, you'll save his soul (invite him to church" b"and convert him). if you're not doing that, you don't love your neighbor." b"and if you don't love, you're in danger of backsliding. the logical arguments" b'continue in this vein.' b'in chuck lucas was fired from his job as minister, due to' b'recurring' b'sins in his life. these struggles were never revealed to the congregation at' b'large, although many people outside the congregation had heard about them.' b'for' b'by now, there was very little contact (on a friendship level) between most' b'crossroads members and those outside. [if you have contact, your focus should' b'be on converting them. bring them to a bible study.]' b"chuck's replacement was joe woods, who was fully supportive of the" b"boston system. as boston grew in number, they began to offer 'training'" b'sessions' b'for other ministers. joe went to boston to be trained and returned to cross-' b'roads ready to emphasize the "total commitment" to the church that boston and' b'kip mckean were now emphasizing. eventually, in fall of the elders at' b'crossroads (now in number--dick whitehead and bill hogle) made a decision.' b'boston was demanding that all of the other churches in the movement come under' b'the direction of the church in boston. the elders refused, citing their' b'belief' b'that each church should be autonomous (something true in all non-boston' b'churches' b'of christ). perhaps there was also some degree of offense done here, since' b"crossroads was no longer the 'example' to the rest of the movement. the group" b'now numbered about while boston was now larger (in membership).' b'the churches of christ generally teach that baptism is a necessary' b"element of salvation. at crossroads, they taught what was called 'lordship'" b'baptism: you had to understand the commitment involved before you could be' b"baptized. you had to 'count the cost'. at boston, they took this a step" b'further. if at some time you became "unproductive", then your spirituality' b'was suspect. people would begin to ask you if you really understood what you' b"were getting into. anyone who said 'no' had their baptism deemed invalid:" b'they' b"hadn't counted the cost properly. they still had to be baptized. others" b'called' b'this "rebaptism", and crossroads didn\'t approve of this practice.' b'when crossroads announced that it would not follow boston, many of its' b'members left crossroads and went to movement-related ministries, which were' b'now called discipling ministries. you were either discipling (evangelizing)' b'or' b'you were "dead". they also used the nickname "movement of god" for a while.' b'by summer of crossroads was withdrawn from the movement and now' b'stood alone. they had few to no allies in the mainstream churches of christ,' b'and now none in the movement.' b'' b'boston, however, continued to chart its course in the direction that' b'they had been following. they sent "reconstruction teams" to many cities,' b'which' b'usually meant that they split the church there. they stopped acknowledging' b'other' b'churches of christ as christians and began to call themselves the "remnant".' b'the "remnant" of the jews in the ot are those who are saved by god. it was' b'felt that the "remnant" today represents all the christians. sometimes they' b'would simply call their movement "the church".' b'they usually took the name of the city for their name, implying to the' b'other churches of christ that boston did not recognize their existence. many' b'campuses have now formally forbidden boston ministries from recruiting there' b'due to the number of complaints. in some cases, it has been documented that' b'boston ministries have lied to university officials in order to continue to' b'have' b'access to the campus. any resistance that they experience is termed "perse-' b'cution", which all true christians are expected to experience. are you really' b"a christian if you're not being persecuted?" b'the numbers at boston peaked at c.3000 in since then, they have' b'fought to remain steady. i have heard a tape of kip mckean shouting at the' b"leaders for failing to fulfill the great commission (their life's purpose) as" b'god commanded them. their christianity is highly centered on commands and' b'obedience.' b'' b'crossroads once was called a cult. boston is now recognized by the' b'cult awareness network and other national and international groups as a cult,' b'under a formal definition, because of the techniques which they employ. the' b'term "cult" is usually differentiated from "sect" by the practice of those' b'techniques. the techniques which they employ are recognized by many as being' b'techniques of destructive pursuasion, also used by other shepherding' b'discipleship groups. [robert jay lifton, margaret thaler singer, and many' b'others have written about the topic.] these techniques include guilt' b'motivation,' b'emotional manipulation, loaded language, the aura of sacred science (a sort' b'of mystic element seen in everyday events), and others.' b'' b'i have no particular axe to grind against the movement. i have numer-' b"ous friends who are still part of the movement. i have never had a 'falling" b"out' with anyone in the movement. i disagree with many things which they" b'teach.' b'i recognize the psychological damage done by being involved in such a system.' b'i hold no loyalty to the mainstream churches of christ and do not defend their' b'mistakes either.' b'i want to point out, though, that unlike in many other systems which' b'are in other ways similar, the leadership of the boston movement are as much' b'victims of the system as the members. we do not have a leader who enjoys' b'manipulating his people. the leaders believe what they teach, and they feel' b'accountable for the activites (and spiritual welfare) of the members. when' b'members do not evangelize to their expectations, for example, the leaders feel' b'personally responsible as well. the leaders are not out for money or power.' b'they want to evangelize the world in their lifetime.' b'' b'i have said too much, but there is much more to say. there are many' b'examples i could give and quotes from other sources (including boston' b'bulletins)' b'that i could include. but this is too long already. you may post this if' b'you so desire.' b'frank d.' b'' b'' b'' b'| "answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him." b'| "answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit." b'| (proverbs b'' b'' b'[believe it or not, questions about the boston church of christ are' b'among the most commonly asked. in order to avoid having s.r.c.' b'dealing with this on a continuous basis, i allow discussion only' b"periodically. by now i've got a 150k faq file (which has both sides," b'by the way). this gives enough addition information on history that' b'it seems worth posting and adding to the faq. --clh]' 