b'' b'' b"[a lot of stuff deleted i'm focusing on just one point]" b'well, he got me there. i am a strong atheist, because i feel that lack of' b'evidence, especially about something like an omnipotent being, implies' b"lack of existence. however, i haven't met the strong atheist yet who said" b'that nothing could ever persuade him. call me a "seeker" if you like, i' b"don't." b'_weak_ atheism is being ignore here, though. some atheists simply say "i' b'don\'t believe in any god" rather than my position: "i believe that no' b'god(s) exist." for the weak atheist, the is no atheism to disbelieve,' b"because they don't actively believe in atheism. (if you think this is" b'confusing, try figuring out the difference between protestants and' b'methodists from an atheist point of view b'' b'i\'m a little confused about the difference between this "weak atheism",' b'as you put it, and agnosticism. is agnosticism not believing or' b'necessarily disbelieving in anything, or what is it? i used to be' b'agnostic (by this definition) but if weak atheism includes not' b'necessarily believing in god, then i guess i was one of those. b'' b'actually what i have a hard time understanding is people who do not' b'ever decide what they believe. i am constantly in a state of' b'self-examination, as it would appear many others are as well (including the' b"atheists, of course i'd assume that's why they're here!). i guess" b"some people don't really consider it important to think about the" b'answers to "life, the universe and everything" any comment? just' b'wondering....' b'' b'this is another fallacy many theists seem to have, that everyone believes in' b'something (followed up by "everyone has faith in something"). guess what?' b"my atheism ends the moment i'm shown a proof of some god's existence. is" b'that really too much to ask?' b'' b'tough call, as these things seem to be based on faith wish i could' b'help you, but i already tried once with someone who was a' b'self-professed agnostic-thinking-of-becoming-a -christian, and it' b"didn't work too well! especially tough as i'm still mulling over" b'whether or not i believe in miracles (looks like another email to my' b'chaplain is coming up....). all i can do is wish you the best of' b'luck, and please do post what you find.' b'' b'and i told you that i find faith to be intellectually dishonest. note that' b'i can only speak for myself. if you find faith to be honest, show me how.' b'' b"hmm, how so? i guess i really don't understand. there are times, of" b'course, when i say to myself "of course i have absolutely no way of' b'knowing that what i believe in is true except the satisfaction and' b'sense of peace i get from it which of course could just be' b'psychological". somehow i live with this anyway is this what you' b'mean?' b'' b'the only "proof" i have is that i believe god spoke to me once b'which could of course be my own imagination. the odd thing is,' b"though, that if you don't at some point start believing in something," b"after a while it all gets sort of ridiculous. maybe it's just a" b'question of where you draw the line.' b'' b'i have been unable to reconcile it so far. maybe that\'s how i\'m "broken"?' b'i tell you that i have invisible fairies living in my garden and that' b'you should just take my word for it. if you accept that, you are of a' b'fundamentally different mind than i and i really would like to know how you' b'think. all i ask for is proof of the assertion "god exists". logical or' b'physical proofs only, please. then we\'ll discuss the nature of "god".' b'' b"i'll only add one question have you read pascal? what did you" b'think of him if you did?' b'' b'also you may (or may not) be interested by cslewis/ _surprised by' b"joy_. i'd be interested in knowing what you think of him, no sarcasm" b'at all intended. (i just say this because one can never know how' b"one's written words will be interpreted. i am not interested in" b"converting you, since i don't seem to have whatever it would take b"proof to do so. i'm just interested in learning.)" b'' b'muppets and garlic toast forever,' b'' b'i like this.' b'' b'max (bob) muir' b'' b'cheers,' b'vera' b'________' b"i give you everything\t\tdisclaimer: of course i don't agree with" b"my sweet everything\t\ttrent reznor's (nin's) theology. i think" b"- nine inch nails\t\tit's interesting nonetheless." 