b'' b'of faith (if you want to know, i feel that faith is intellectually' b'dishonest).' b'' b"i'd appreciate some support for this statement. i'm not sure" b'it really makes sense to me.' b'' b'i define faith as "belief, in the abscense(sp?) of evidence". i also' b'include in "evidence" past experiences. because i have no past experience' b'in a god actually having an effect on my life and because i have never' b'seen evidence for any god beyond what can be explained without the' b'neccessity of a god or which is more convincing than the many fictional' b'works i have read (and other reasons), i do not believe in any god(s).' b'from what i have seen, some people reconcile this lack of evidence by' b'using faith.' b'it is faith in that sense (the only way i _currently_ understand the word' b'"faith") that i find intellectually dishonest.' b'' b'the ambiguity of religious beliefs, an unwillingness to take' b"pascal's wager," b'' b"i've heard this frequently what exactly is pascal's wager?" b'' b"pascal's wager goes something like this:" b"premise either there is or there isn't a god." b'premise if god exists, he wants us to believe and will damn us for not' b'believing.' b"premise if god does not exist, then belief in god doesn't matter" b'because death is death, anyway.' b'conclusion: belief in god is superior to non-belief because' b'non-belief damns us to eternal punishment if we are wrong, while belief in' b'god only wastes a little time in life if we are wrong.' b'' b'sound pretty straightforward and is logically sound. the problem is,' b'premise presupposes odds between belief and non-belief. this is' b'flat out wrong, because of the sheer number of religions out there and the' b'fact that, for the most part, the religions are mutually exclusive. i have' b'heard theists referred to as atheists" because they believe in their' b'god (or gods) to be the _one_ god (or set of gods). the consequence of' b'this is "what if i pick the wrong god?" suddenly, the odds don\'t look so' b'good because picking the wrong god or wrong doctrines of a god still' b'leaves you with the possibility of being wrong and being damned to another' b"god's version of hell." b'' b'\tdo i sound "broken" to you?' b'' b"i don't know. you point out that your mother's treatment upset you," b"and see inconsistencies in various religions. i'm not sure if that" b'constitutes broken-ness or not. it certainly consititutes' b'disillusionment.' b'' b'i don\'t see how "disillusionment" enters into it. you see, i presented my' b"mother's treatment of me to show the cause of my questioning my atheism, a" b'questioning which continues to this day. i had already been an atheist for' b"five years before having any contact with my mother's version of" b'christianity. if anything, i had become somewhat disillusioned with' b'atheism (uh, oh, i thought, what if there *is* a god?). yes, in a way, i' b'have also become disillusioned by many religions, simply because i had' b'thought at one time that they had all the answers, if i only found the' b'right one.' b"i'm still looking, but each time i look in a different place, i become a" b'little stronger in my attitude (belief, if you will, no faith, though,' b"it's based on the evidence of past experience) that i'll never find a" b'religion which has all the answers.' b'sorta like looking for easter eggs. the more time it takes you to find the' b'next one, the more convinced you become that you may already have found' b"all the eggs you're going to find." b"someone else mentioned that critisism isn't going to make me think any" b'more highly of christians. i have a contrary position: constructive' b'critisism will likely improve my attitude towards christians. abusive' b'critisism will turn me off.' b'no accusations to you, mr. sapienza. i merely slipped that into this post' b'because i forgot to reply to that one.' b'' b'filipp sapienza' b'department of technology services' b'university of michigan hospitals surgery' b'' b'muppets and garlic toast forever.' b'' b'max (bob) muir' b'' b"ps i'm leaving for home on thursday at so this is likely my last" b'post here for the summer! in the meantime, thank you all for helping me' b'see a few more things i might have missed in my meanderings through the world!' 