b'' b'' b'aaron colossians "in him you were also circumcised, in the' b'aaron putting off of the sinful nature, not with a circumcision done' b'aaron by christ, having been buried with him in baptism and raised' b'aaron with him through your faith in the power of god, who raised him' b'aaron from the dead."' b'' b'aaron in baptism, we are raised to a new life in christ (romans b"aaron through a personal faith in the power of god. our parent's" b"aaron faith cannot do this. do infants have faith? let's look at" b'aaron what the bible has to say about it.' b'' b'yes, let do. try:' b'' b'"and if anyone causes one of these little ones *who believes in me*' b'to sin, it would be better for him to be thrown into the sea' b'with a large millstone tied around his neck." mark b'' b'"let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them,' b'for the kingdom of god belongs to such as these. i tell you' b'the truth, anyone who will not receive the kingdom of god' b'like a little child will never enter it."' b'' b'the colossians passage does not make faith a requirement' b'for baptism. it merely says that in baptism we are born again,' b'regenerated, and resurrected through faith. in the case' b'of an infant i would say that baptism works faith in the' b'heart of the infant--through the power of the word.' b'' b'the colossians passage does make baptism a spiritual circumcision.' b'circumcision was the means by which a male infant was made' b"a part of god's covenant with israel. it was commanded to be" b'performed on the eighth day. the early church understood this,' b'and even debated whether baptism had to be performed on the' b'eighth day, or if it could in fact be done earlier.' b'' b'aaron romans "but not all the israelites accepted the good' b"aaron news. for isaiah says, 'lord, who has believed our message?'" b'aaron consequently, faith comes from hearing the message, and the' b'aaron message is heard through the word of christ."' b'' b"aaron so then we receive god's gift of faith to us as we hear the" b'aaron message of the gospel.' b'' b"and the gospel is surely preached at any infant's (or adult's)" b'baptism. indeed, in a very real sense, the sacraments are' b'the gospel made tangible.' b'' b'aaron faith is a possible response to hearing' b"aaron god's word preached. kids are not yet spiritually," b'aaron intellectually, or emotionally mature enough to respond to' b"aaron god's word." b'' b'how do you know they are not yet mature enough to have faith?' b"do you know this on the basis of god's word, or from your own" b'reason?' b'' b'faith is also described as a gift from god, ephesians b'he gives faith to infants just as he gives it to adults, through' b'the power of the gospel, romans b'' b"aaron if you read all of ezekiel you will see that god doesn't" b"aaron hold us guilty for anyone else's sins. so we can have no" b'aaron original guilt from adam.' b'' b"here you show that you just don't understand original sin--" b'you are arguing against a straw man.' b"maybe you've been talking to catholics too much. i don't" b"know. but original sin does not consist of god's imputation" b"of adam's guilt to us. it consists of our inheritance of" b"adam's sinful nature. it is actual sin. see for example," b'the augsburg confession, article ii, and the apology of the' b'augsburg confession, article ii, and, for extra credit,' b"john knox's `the scots confession', article iii." b'' b'aaron now then that we have a little more background as to why' b"aaron original sin is not biblical, let's look at some of the" b'aaron scriptures used to support it.' b'' b'aaron romans "therefore, just as sin entered the world through' b'aaron one man, and death through sin, and in this way death came to' b'aaron all men, because all sinned--"' b'' b'' b'ask yourself this question. "do infants ever die?" then ask' b'yourself, "if infant baptism is not valid, then where was the' b'christian church during all the centuries when almost all' b'of the baptisms were performed on infants? were luther, melancthon,' b'calvin, zwingli, hus, knox, andrae, and chemnitz christians?' b'' b'' b'aaron psalm "surely i was sinful at birth, sinful from the time' b'aaron my mother conceived me."' b'' b'aaron this whole psalm is a wonderful example of how we should humble' b'aaron ourselves before god in repentance for sinning. david himself' b"aaron was a man after god's own heart and wrote the psalm after" b'aaron committing adultry with bathsheba and murdering her husband.' b"aaron all that david is saying here is that he can't remember a time" b"aaron when he wasn't sinful. he is humbling himself before god by" b'aaron confessing his sinfulness. his saying that he was sinful at' b"aaron birth is a hyperbole. the bible, being inspired by god, isn't" b'aaron limited to a literal interpetation, but also uses figures of' b'aaron speech as did jesus (john for another example of' b'aaron hyperbole, see luke b'' b'who are you to say what is literal and what is not? is a literal' b'interpretation manifestly absurd in psalm by reason of direct' b'contradiction with a clear passage from the word of god?' b'' b'you might also compare genesis "the lord smelled the' b'pleasing aroma and said in his heart, `never again will i curse' b'the ground because of man, even though every inclination of' b'his heart is evil from childhood...."' b'' b'aaron we see' b'aaron that he did grow and become wiser in luke and the' b'aaron implication is that jesus did wrong things as a child before he' b'aaron knew to choose right over wrong.' b'' b'you are a long way from proving this (rather monstrous) assertion.' b'all you can say is that jesus grew in wisdom and in stature. a' b'conclusion that he did wrong as a child is based on an extrapolation' b'of reason, not on a direct revelation in scripture.' b'' b'david h. wagner\t\t\t"but mad reason rushes forth and,' b'a confessional lutheran\t\tbecause baptism is not dazzling like' b'the works which we do,' b'regards it as worthless."' b'--martin luther, large catechism,' b'--fourth part, baptism.' 