b'' b'' b"i'd like to get your comments on a question that has been on my mind a" b'lot: what morals/ethics apply to dreams and out-of-body incidents?' b'' b'dave you might like to read a book by florence bulle "god' b'wants you rich other enticing doctrines", which discusses' b'oobes in one of her chapters.' b'' b'in the bible we have examples of men caught up in the spirit (eg' b'ezekiel, paul). i believe that also this experience is' b'counterfeited by satan so that for example yoga and other' b'eastern medatitive techniques can be used to induce the soul to' b'leave the body and float off. someone tried to sell me a book in' b'los angeles airport entitled "easy journeys to other planets"' b'which uses such techniques.' b'' b'the occultic trance of a medium sometimes involves such body' b'departure the book "the challanging counterfeit", about a' b'former medium who gets saved, tells how the author, on his last' b'trance, was attacked by evil spirits who tried to kill him' b'while returning to his body at the end of the seance' b'because of his interest in christianity and how he was supernaturally' b'protected by the lord.' b'' b'there may be some similarities in mind-altering drugs and the' b"phenomena of 'tripping'." b'' b'as regards the connection between body and soul, there is an' b'interesting verse in ecclesiastes. in a passage talking about' b'old age, the preacher writes "then man goes to his eternal home' b'and mourners go about the streets. remember him--before the' b'silver cord is severed." my understanding of this' b'silver cord is that it is something that attaches body and soul' b'in a manner somewhat similar to an umbilical cord or an' b"astronaut's air-line to his spaceship." b'when a person goes out of body this silver cord still attaches' b'the soul whereever it goes and is vulnerable to being broken:' b'astral projection can be dangerous! bulle, i think, reports a' b'case of a yogi off on an oobe who was found dead in his' b'apartment, with no apparent external cause.' b'' b'barney resson' b'"many shall run to and fro, knowledge shall increase" (daniel)' 