b'' b'| after reading the posts on this newsgroup for the pasts months, it' b'| has become apparent to me that this group is primarily active with' b"| liberals, catholics, new agers', and athiests. someone might think" b'| to change the name to: soc.religion.any or perhaps even' b'| soc.religion.new. it might seem to be more appropriate.' b"| heck, don't flame me, i'm catholic, gay, and i voted" b"| for bill clinton. i'm on your side!" b'' b"my sentiments exactly... which is why i'm unsubbing from this group." b"this is the 3rd 'christian' discussion list i have ever belonged to" b"and once again i'm being chased away by the strife, anger, discontent," b'lies, et al b'' b"as paul (saul) said, 'i come to preach christ, and him crucified'" b"don't let the simple beauty of faith in god get overshadowed by heady" b'theological discussions or thousands of lines of post-incarnation' b'trappings of some church.' b'' b'' b"as for the atheists/agnostics who read this list: if you aren't" b'christian and if you have no intention of ever becoming one why on' b'earth do you waste your time and mine by participating on a christian' b'discussion list b'' b'i will continue to search for christian discussion (prayerful, spirit-filled,' b'kind, humble, patient, etc.) in other circles.' b'' b'--' b'sheila patterson, cit cr-technical support group' b'315 ccc cornell university' b'ithaca, ny b'(607) b'' b'' b"[i'm afraid that any discussion group containing people with different" b'views tends to turn into arguments about the largest differences' b'present. so talk.religion.misc spends a lot of time on' b'christian/atheist arguments, soc.religion.christian spends a lot of' b'time on arguments among different christian groups, and the bitnet' b'catholic group spends a lot of time on arguments between conservative' b'and liberal catholics. personally i would prefer to have a set of' b'somewhat more specialized groups, at least as an alternative. liberal' b'and conservative protestant and catholic would handle most of the' b'traffic, though there are certainly significant groups (e.g.' b'orthodox). of course it may be that most of our readers like the' b'arguments. i certainly find it painful moderating them. --clh]' 