b'' b'in the course of discussing the sabbath with some folks,' b'i came across something that was completely new to me,' b"and i thought i'd offer it for comment." b'' b'to keep this as brief as possible, let me state my' b'observation as a declarative statement, and then whoever' b'wants to can comment on it. basically, what i think' b'i\'ve observed is that the phrase "the ten commandments",' b'as used by moses, is not a reference to ex. but' b'rather a reference to ten distinct discourses from ex.' b'20:1 through ex. that is, the phrase "the ten' b'commandments" should more accurately be translated "the' b'ten discourses", of which the passage we call the "ten' b'commandments" is really only the first.' b'' b"i'm not completely convinced that the above is true, but" b'for purposes of discussion, let me argue it as though i' b'was sure.' b'' b'arguments supporting the above idea:' b'' b"1) there aren't really ten commandments in ex. b'in order to get commandments, you have to get two of' b'them out of verses and the verses themselves do not' b'support such a division because they are all about not' b'worshipping other gods. that is, verse commands to' b'have no other gods, and verse commands to not worship' b"the idols mentioned in verse you can't violate" b'verses without violating verse indicating that' b'the whole passage is one command, and leaving us with' b'only nine "commandments". i could go on at length about' b"this, but for now i'll just stop with this summary." b'' b'2) there are ten speeches between ex (the beginning' b'of the traditional "ten commandments") and ex b'(where god actually gives moses the two tablets with the' b'ten commandments/discourses written on them). i break' b'these ten down as follows: b'25:1-30:10; b'31:1-11; and in most cases, each of these' b'passages begins with some variation of the phrase, "and' b'the lord spoke to moses, saying..." the exception is' b'ex. which begins "now these are the ordinances' b'which you are to set before them..."' b'' b'3) the word translated "commandments" in the phrase' b'"the ten commandments" isn\'t really the word for' b'"commandment", its the word for a speech, or an' b"utterance. it's a word often used for longer discourses" b'rather than individual statements; for instance, when' b"combined with the word 'yom' (day), this word is" b'translated "chronicles" in such phrases as "now the rest' b'of the acts of so-and-so, are they not written in the' b'chronicles of x?..." the word for "commandment" is' b'freely used throughout the books of moses, and perhaps' b"it is significant that when moses spoke of the ten x's," b'he appears to have avoided the word for commandment and' b'chosen instead a word associated with discourses longer' b'than just a single command.' b'' b'4) god tells moses that he is going to give him the' b'stone tablets "with the law and the commandments" (ex' b'24:12), yet he does not give moses the tablets until he' b'has finished all ten discourses on mount sinai. if the' b'ten commandments were only ex. it is not' b'immediately clear why god would wait several days and' b'nine more discourses before giving these tablets to' b'moses. on the other hand, if we have the ten discourses' b'written on the tablets, then it makes perfect sense that' b'god would not give moses the tablets until he had' b'finished delivering all ten discourses.' b'' b'5) when moses did get the tablets, he found that both' b'tablets were written on both sides (ex. if' b'these ten "commandments" were only the first verses' b'of ex. god would have had to have written in large' b"letters! not that he couldn't have, of course, but it" b'does seem more likely to me that this is a reference to' b'two tablets containing ten discourses written in normal-' b'sized letters.' b'' b'6) in ii cor. paul seems to specifically single out' b'the "commandments written on stone" as being the' b'"ministry of death", "that which is fading away," and' b'"the ministry of condemnation." with the possible' b'exception of the commandment about the sabbath, it is' b'difficult to see why paul would refer to the commands in' b'ex. as being temporary, "fading away"-type' b'commandments. this is less of a problem if the stone' b'tablets should happen to have included all of the' b'commandments from ex through ex b'' b'arguments against this idea:' b'' b'the main argument against this idea, aside from the fact' b'that it contradicts a long-standing tradition, is that' b'in dt moses says, after quoting the commands in' b'ex. "these words the lord spoke...and he added' b'no more. and he wrote them on two tablets of stone and' b'gave them to me." this appears to identify the words' b'just quoted as being the only contents of the two stone' b'tablets.' b'' b'that was my first impression, anyway. however, after' b'some thought, i noted that a great deal hinges on how' b'you understand the phrase "these words." if moses meant' b'"these words *which i have just related to you* were' b'spoken by god" etc., then that would mean that only the' b'traditional "ten commandments" were on the stone' b'tablets. if, however, moses was making a parenthetical' b'comment--"these words *which i am now telling you* were' b'spoken by god" etc.--then that\'s quite different.' b'' b'i did note that in the dt account, moses tells of' b'being given the stone tablets before telling of the' b'people asking moses to represent them before god,' b'whereas in the exodus account, the people asked this of' b'moses between the first and second discourses, several' b'days before god gave moses the stone tablets. this' b"reinforces the idea that moses' remarks in dt 5:22ff" b'were intended as a parenthetical remark, rather than a' b'strictly chronological account of when god wrote what,' b'and at what point he stopped adding to what was on the' b'tablets.' b'' b'summary: all things considered, i find it somewhat more' b'likely that the nine commands in ex are really only' b'the first of what moses regarded as the ten discourses' b"of god. i don't know if anybody has ever espoused this" b"idea before; it's brand-new to me. so, while i lean" b'towards accepting it, i would be very interested in' b'hearing any comments and criticisms anyone may care to' b'offer.' b'' b'- mark' 