b'' b'(aaron bryce cardenas) writes:' b'' b'romans "but not all the israelites accepted the good news. for' b"isaiah says, 'lord, who has believed our message?' consequently, faith" b'comes from hearing the message, and the message is heard through the word' b'of christ."' b'' b"so then we receive god's gift of faith to us as we hear the message of the" b"gospel. faith is a possible response to hearing god's word preached. kids" b'are not yet spiritually, intellectually, or emotionally mature enough to' b"respond to god's word. hence they cannot have faith and therefore cannot" b'be raised in baptism to a new life.' b'' b"catholics view the effects of baptism slightly differently, and that's" b'one primary reason why they baptize babies. they believe that baptism' b'produces a change in the soul of the baby, quite independently of any' b"volitional act on the part of the baby. this change in the baby's" b'soul gives the infant certain capabilities that he would not have' b'without baptism. since the infant does not have the use of his' b'intellect and will yet, these new faculties are dormant. but as the' b'child gets older, the gifts of baptism come more and more into play.' b'' b'ezekiel "the soul who sins will die. the son will not share the' b'guilt of the father, nor will the father share the guilt of the son. the' b'righteousness of the righteous man will be credited to him, and the' b'wickedness of the wicked will be charged against him."' b'' b"if you read all of ezekiel you will see that god doesn't hold us guilty" b"for anyone else's sins. so we can have no original guilt from adam." b'' b'adam was given a number of gifts by god. the chief among them was' b'what catholics call "sanctifying grace". (in the new testament, the' b'word used for this is "charity".) by his sin, adam lost this grace.' b"he didn't lose it just for himself, however, he lost it for the whole" b"human race. because once he lost it, he couldn't pass it on to his" b'descendents.' b'' b"that's why catholics baptize babies. through his original sin, adam" b'lost sanctifying grace for all his descendents. christ instituted' b'baptism to give it back to everyone.' b'' b'babies are not being punished for anything they personally did; they' b'are simply lacking in something they need, in order to enter heaven.' 