b'' b'' b'"christianity in crisis"' b'by: hank hanegraaff' b'' b'' b'' b'"controversy for the sake of controversy is a sin.' b'controversy for the sake of truth is a divine command."' b'-dr. walter martin' b'' b'' b'dr. walter martin personally selected hank hanegraaff to succeed him' b'as president of the christian research institute the largest' b'evangelical counter-cult organization in the world. in this skillful,' b'careful treatment of an explosive subject, hanegraaff documents and' b'examines how the beliefs of the word of faith movement clearly' b'compromises and confuse the essentials of the historic christian' b'faith. for the first time ever, this large and influential movement' b'is legitimately labeled as cultic.' b'' b'in this book, hanegraaff discusses such leaders of the word of faith' b'movement as e.w. kenyon and the twelve apostles of "another gospel"' b'(gal (kenneth e. hagin, kenneth copeland, benny hinn, frederick' b'k.c. price, john avanzini, robert tilton, marilyn hickey, paul (david)' b'yonggi cho, charles capps, jerry savelle, morris cerullo, and paul and' b'jan crouch).' b'' b'the book is now available through harvest house publishers and should' b'be in most christian book stores soon. you can order a hard-back copy' b'through cri for by calling and avoid retail' b'mark-ups.' b'' b'the christian research journal, which is a quarterly publication by cri' b'has an article in it\'s most recent issue just released called, "what\'s' b'wrong with the word faith movement?" this is a good article that will' b'inform you of each of the teachers above, and tide you over until your' b'book arrives. if you are interested in receiving the journal yourself,' b'you can order it from cri at the number above for a year. it is the' b'best source of the most-accurate and well-researched info in christiandom' b'today.' b'' b'' b"[if we're going to have a discussion of book here (and this is the" b"third posting so far), i'd like people to say enough about its" b"contents for people to decide whether it's worth reading. --clh]" 