b'' b'"hate the sin but love the sinner"...i\'ve heard that quite a bit recently,' b'often in the context of discussions about christianity and homosexuality...' b"but the context really isn't that important. my question is whether that" b'statement is consistent with christianity. i would think not.' b'' b"hate begets more hate, never love. consider some sin. i'll leave it unnamed" b"since i don't want this to digress into an argument as to whether or not" b'something is a sin. now lets apply our "hate the sin..." philosophy and see' b'what happens. if we truly hate the sin, then the more we see it, the' b'stronger our hatred of it will become. eventually this hate becomes so' b'strong that we become disgusted with the sinner and eventually come to hate' b'the sinner. in addition, our hatred of the sin often causes us to say and' b'do things which are taken personally by the sinner (who often does not even' b'believe what they are doing is a sin). after enough of this, the sinner begins' b"to hate us (they certainly don't love us for our constant criticism of their" b'behavior). hate builds up and drives people away from god...this certainly' b'cannot be a good way to build love.' b'' b"i don't agree, but i can only speak for myself. i have a good friend" b'whose lifestyle is very sinful. do i hate the things she does to herself' b'and others? yes. do i hate her? absolutely not. in fact, she tells me' b'repeatedly that i am the best friend she has in the world. i care about' b'her very much despite the fact that i hate how she lives her life.' b'' b"it's very easy to fall into the progression you describe above. i've" b'felt it with my friend more than once. there is a very important' b"part of christianity that you've overlooked above and makes it possible" b'to "love the sin but hate the sinner." before i look at someone' b"else's life and sin, i look to myself and am as disgusted by what i see" b'in *me* as i see in others, probably more. self-righteousness is' b'contradictory to christianity and is what makes the progression you' b'describe happen. if a christian can truthfully quote paul and say, "wretched' b'man that i am!" [romans (nasb)], that christian will be able' b'to love the sinner and hate the sin. if we have the attitude of the pharisee' b'who said, "i thank thee that i am not like other men..." [luke (nasb)],' b'we will hate both.' b'' b'-- scott at brandeis' b'' b'"but god demonstrates his "the lord bless you, and keep you;' b'own love for us, in that the lord make his face shine on you,' b'while we were yet sinners, and be gracious to you;' b'christ died for us."\t the lord lift up his countenance on you,' b'and give you peace."' b'-- romans [nasb]\t\t-- numbers [nasb]' 