b'' b"[continuing with dr. deyoung's article-]" b'' b'survey of new interpretations of arsenokoitai' b'' b'd.s. bailey' b'' b'd.s. bailey was perhaps the trailblazer of new assessments of the meaning' b'of arsenokoitai. he takes the term in i cor as denoting males who actively' b'engage in homosexual acts, in contrast to malakoi ("effeminate"), those who' b'engage passively in such acts.*4 however, he insists that paul knew nothing' b'of "inversion as an inherited trait, or an inherent condition due to' b'psychological or glandular causes, and consequently regards all homosexual' b'practice as evidence of perversion" hence bailey limits the term\'s' b"reference in paul's works to acts alone and laments modern translations of the" b'term as "homosexuals." bailey wants to distinguish between "the homosexual' b'*condition* (which is morally neutral) and homosexual *practices*" [italics in' b"source]. paul is precise in his terminology and moffatt's translation" b'"sodomites" best represents paul\'s meaning in bailey\'s judgment bailey' b'clearly denies that the homosexual condition was known by biblical writers.' b'' b'j. boswell' b'' b'the most influential study of arsenokoitai among contemporary authors is' b'that of john boswell.*5 whereas the usual translation*6 of this term gives' b'it either explicitly or implicitly an active sense, boswell gives it a passive' b'sense.' b'' b'in an extended discussion of the term he cites "linguistic' b'evidence and common sense" to support his conclusion that the word means "male' b'sexual agents, i.e. active male prostitutes." his argument is that the arseno-' b'part of the word is adjectival, not the object of the koitai which refers to' b'base sexual activity. hence the term, according to boswell, designates a male' b'sexual person or male prostitute. he acknowledges, however, that most' b'interpret the composite term as active, meaning "those who sleep with, make' b'their bed with, men." boswell bases his interpretation on linguistics and the' b'historical setting. he argues that in some compounds, such as paidomathes' b'("child learner"), the paido- is the subject of manthano, and in others, such' b'as paidoporos ("through which a child passes"), the paido- is neither subject' b'nor object but simply a modifier without verbal significance. his point is' b'that each compound must be individually analyzed for its meaning. more' b'directly, he maintains that compounds with the attic form arreno- employ it' b'objectively while those with the hellenistic arseno- use it as an adjective' b'(343). yet he admits exceptions to this distinction regarding arreno-.' b'' b'boswell next appeals to the latin of the time, namely drauci or exoleti.' b'these were male prostitutes having men or women as their objects. the greek' b'arsenokoitai is the equivalent of the latin drauci; the corresponding passive' b'would be parakoitai ("one who lies beside"), boswell affirms. he claims that' b'arsenokoitai was the "most explicit word available to paul for a male' b'prostitute," since by paul\'s time the attic words pornos ("fornicator") and' b'porneuon ("one committing fornication"), found also in the lxx, had been' b'adopted "to refer to men who resorted to female prostitutes or simply committed' b'fornication."*7' b'' b'in the absence of the term from pagan writers such as herodotus, plato,' b'aristotle, and plutarch, and from the jewish writers philo and josephus,' b'boswell finds even more convincing evidence for his affirmation that' b'arsenokoitai "did not connote \'homosexual\' or even \'sodomite\' in the time of' b'paul" he also demonstrates its absence in pseudo-lucian, sextus' b'empiricus, and libanius. he subsequently finds it lacking in "all discussions' b'of homosexual relation" among christian sources in greek, including' b'the didache, tatian, justin martyr, eusebius,*10 clement of alexandria,' b'gregory of nyssa, and john chrysostom. chrysostom is singled out for his' b'omission as "final proof" that the word could not mean homosexuality.*11' b'' b'boswell next appeals to the omission of the texts of i cor and i tim from' b'discussions of homosexuality among latin church fathers cited are' b'tertullian, arnobius, lactantius, and augustine. the last named uses' b'"circumlocutions." other latin writers include ausonius, cyprian, and minucius' b'felix. the term is also lacking in state and in church legislation. by the' b'sixth century the term became confused and was applied to a variety of sexual' b'activities from child molesting to anal intercourse between a husband and wife' b'(353).' b'' b'having surveyed the sources, boswell concludes,' b'' b'there is no reason to believe that either arsenokoitai or malakoi connoted' b'homosexuality in the time of paul or for centuries thereafter, and every' b'reason' b'to suppose that, whatever they came to mean, they were not determinative of' b'christian opinion on the morality of homosexual acts b'' b'it is clear throughout that boswell defines arsenokoitai to refer to male' b'prostitutes. he even goes so far as to conclude that paul would probably not' b'disapprove of "gay inclination," "gay relationships," "enduring love between' b'persons of the same gender," or "same-sex eroticism" b'' b'' b'________________________________________________________' b'4. d.s. bailey, homosexuality and the western christian tradition. (london:' b'1975) b'5. j. boswell, christianity, social tolerance and homosexuality (chicago:' b'1980).' b'6. several tranlation of i tim are: kjv, "them that defile themselves' b'with mankind"; asv, "abusers of themselves with men"; nasb, "homosexuals";' b'rsv, nkjv, nrsv, "sodomites"; neb, niv, "perverts"; gnb, "sexual perverts"; in' b'i cor these occur: kjv, "abusers of themselves with mankind"; asv,' b'"abusers of themselves with men"; nasb, rsv, "homosexuals"; nkjv, "sodomites";' b'neb, "homosexual persversion." the rsv and neb derive their translation from' b'two greek words, malakoi and arsenokoitai which gbn has as "homosexual' b'perverts." nrsv has the two words as "male prostitutes" in the text, and' b'"sodomites" in the footnote. the active idea predominates among the' b'commentators as well; it is the primary assumption.' b'7. boswell, christianity yet this was no a word "available to paul for a' b'male prostitute," for it does not occur at all in any literature prior to paul' b'(as a serach in the thesaurus linguae graecae using ibycuc confirms). if paul' b'coined the term, it would have no prior history, and all such discussion about' b'its lack of usage in contemporary non-christian and christian literature is' b'meaningless.' b'8. again this would be expected if paul coined the word.' b'9. the key phrase here apparently is "discussoin," for boswell admits later' b'(350 n.42) that it occurs in quotes of paul but there is no discussion in the' b'context. hence the implication is that we cannot tell what these writer' b'(polycarp "to the philippian theophilus "ad autolycum 2.14";nilus' b'"epistularum libri quattuor cyril of alexandria "homiliae diversae' b'14"; "sybilline oravle meant. yet polycarp, who was a disiple of hohn' b'the apostle and died about a.d. argues in the context that young men' b'should be pure. he uses only the three terms pornoi, malakoi, and arsenokoitai' b'from paul\'s list. this at least makes boswell\'s use of "all" subjective.' b'apparently clement of alexandria "paedogogus sromata also belong' b'here.' b'' b'10.. yet eusebius uses it in "demonstraionis evangelicae b"11. either boswell is misrepresenting the facts about chrysostom's use of" b'arsenokoitai and its form (about in the vice lists of i cor or i tim b'or he is begging the question by denying that the word can mean homosexual when' b'chrysostom uses it. yet the meaning of arsenokoitai is the goal of his and our' b'study, whether in the lists or other discussions. boswell later admits b'that chrysostom uses the almost identicl form arsenokoitos in his commentary on' b'i cor. although boswell suggests that the passage is strange, it may be that' b'paul is seeking to make a refinement in arsenokoitai.' b'12. apparently jerome is a significant omission here, since he renders' b'arsenokoitai as "masculorum concubitores," corresponding "almost exactly to the' b'greek" n.36).' b'' b'footnotes:' b'_______________________' b'5. d.s. bailey, homosexuality and the western christian tradition. (london:' b'1975) b'6. j. boswell, christianity, social tolerance and homosexuality (chicago:' b'1980).' b'several tranlation of i tim are: kjv, "them that defile themselves' b'with mankind"; asv, "abusers of themselves with men"; nasb, "homosexuals";' b'rsv, nkjv, nrsv, "sodomites"; neb, niv, "perverts"; gnb, "sexual perverts"; in' b'i cor these occur: kjv, "abusers of themselves with mankind"; asv,' b'"abusers of themselves with men"; nasb, rsv, "homosexuals"; nkjv, "sodomites";' b'neb, "homosexual persversion." the rsv and neb derive their translation from' b'two greek words, malakoi and arsenokoitai which gbn has as "homosexual' b'perverts." nrsv has the two words as "male prostitutes" in the text, and' b'"sodomites" in the footnote. the active idea predominates among the' b'commentators as well; it is the primary assumption.' b'7. boswell, christianity yet this was no a word "available to paul for' b'a male prostitute," for it does not occur at all in any literature prior to' b'paul (as a serach in the thesaurus linguae graecae using ibycuc confirms). if' b'paul coined the term, it would have no prior history, and all such discussion' b'about its lack of usage in contemporary non-christian and christian literature' b'is meaningless.' b'8. again this would be expected if paul coined the word.' b'9. the key phrase here apparently is "discussoin," for boswell admits later' b'(350 n.42) that it occurs in quotes of paul but there is no discussion in the' b'context. hence the implication is that we cannot tell what these writer' b'(polycarp "to the philippian theophilus "ad autolycum 2.14";nilus' b'"epistularum libri quattuor cyril of alexandria "homiliae diversae' b'14"; "sybilline oravle meant. yet polycarp, who was a disiple of hohn' b'the apostle and died about a.d. argues in the context that young men' b'should be pure. he uses only the three terms pornoi, malakoi, and arsenokoitai' b'from paul\'s list. this at least makes boswell\'s use of "all" subjective.' b'apparently clement of alexandria "paedogogus sromata also belong' b'here.' b'' b'10. yet eusebius uses it in "demonstraionis evangelicae b"11. either boswell is misrepresenting the facts about chrysostom's use of" b'arsenokoitai and its form (about in the vice lists of i cor or i tim b'or he is begging the question by denying that the word can mean homosexual when' b'chrysostom uses it. yet the meaning of arsenokoitai is the goal of his and our' b'study, whether in the lists or other discussions. boswell later admits b'that chrysostom uses the almost identicl form arsenokoitos in his commentary on' b'i cor. although boswell suggests that the passage is strange, it may be that' b'paul is seeking to make a refinement in arsenokoitai.' b'12. apparently jerome is a significant omission here, since he renders' b'arsenokoitai as "masculorum concubitores," corresponding "almost exactly to the' b'greek" n.36).' b'next:' b'r. scroggs' 