b'' b'' b'this paragraph brought to mind a question. how do you (mormons) reconcile' b"the idea of eternal marriage with christ's statement that in the ressurection" b'people will neither marry nor be given in marriage (luke, chapt. b'' b'here is the short answer: because only' b'certain marriages are recorded in heaven.' b'' b'now for the long answer:' b'' b'in doctrine and covenants section the' b'chapter discussing eternal marriage (and, yes,' b'plural marriage), the distinction between' b'sealings under the priesthood and other' b'marriages is revealed.' b'' b'when "the children of this world marry, or are' b'given in marriage" when they receive "the' b'resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are' b'given in marriage" (luke b'jesus was simply teaching that marriages "until' b'death do you part" are not in force after death.' b'' b'however, the doctrine and covenants continues' b'describing eternal marriage.' b'' b'd&c b'and again, verily i say unto you, if a' b'man marry a wife by my word, which is my law, and' b'by the new and everlasting covenant, and it is' b'sealed unto them by the holy spirit of promise,' b'by him who is anointed this power and the keys' b'of this priesthood; shortened for brevity ai]' b'and shall be of full force when they are out of' b'the world; and they shall pass by the angels,' b'and the gods, which are set there, to their' b'exhaltation and glory in all things, as hath been' b'sealed upon their heads, which glory shall be a' b'fulness and a continuation of the seeds forever' b'and ever.' b'' b'the lord told peter "whatsoever thou shalt bind' b'on earth shall be bound in heaven" (matt b'do you doubt that peter was given the power to' b'perform sealings?' b'peter thought so because he taught that husbands' b'and wives were "heirs *together* of the grace of' b'life" peter b'' b'"in order to obtain the highest" (degree of' b'celestial glory), a man must enter into this' b'order of the priesthood" (d&c b'when a man and wife are sealed they truly become' b'"one flesh" because their eternal "increase"' b'(destinies) are enjoined completely.' b'' b'our father has an eternal companion (and maybe' b'more because of the plural marriage conditions' b'of the law) who participated in our creation' b'and is equally concerned with our progress here.' b'' b'there is no scriptural basis for this doctrine.' b'if fact, the only mention of our mother is in' b'one verse of a hymn written early in the history' b'of the church:' b'' b'o my father' b'' b'i had learned to call thee father,' b'through thy spirit from on high,' b'but, until the key of knowledge' b'was restored, i knew not why.' b"in the heav'ns are parents single?" b'no, the thought makes reason stare!' b'truth is reason; truth eternal' b"tells me i've a mother there." b'' b"why don't we hear more about our mother?" b'' b'1. because our father presides under priesthood' b'authority (which is not a calling for her);' b'' b"2. because we don't all (necessarily) have the" b'same mother it would be confusing for worship;' b'' b'3. because our father wishes to withhold her' b'name and titles because of how some people' b'degrade sacred things.' b'' b'a idler' 