b'' b'i notice that the verse forbidding bestiality immediately follows the' b'verse prohibiting what appears to be homosexual intercourse.' b'' b' it is' b'absolutely irrelevant and incomparable to the issues gay christians *do*' b'raise (which concern sexual activity within committed, consensual human' b'adult realtionships), so that your bringing it up is no more relevant' b'than the laws of kashrut. if you cannot address the actual issues, you' b'are being bloody dishonest in trailing this red herring in front of the' b'world.' b'' b'no. it is very relevant. homosexual acts and acts of beastiality are' b'topically aranged together in the law. this is very important.' b'anyone who would want to say that this command against homosexuality' b'deals with temple prostitution (and i think you would agree that there' b'is no proof for this.) if the law reveals the character of god, and' b'is "holy, just, and good" as is written in the new testament, then' b'those who consider we who are against commiting homosexuals acts' b'to be biggots have to address this passage of scripture.' b'' b'why must we only discuss scriptures that involve consensual human' b"adult relationships? isn't that bordering on sophistry? the point" b'we are making is that god did not ordain certain kinds of sex acts.' b'not everyone who brings up these scriptures is just trying to use and emotional' b'argument that compares homosexuals to beastophiles and child molestors.' b'the issue we are dealing with is that some sex acts are ungodly.' b'' b'i do not have problem with a loving, nonlustful relationship with a member' b'of the same sex. i have them, and we all do. the issue at hand is' b'the sinfulness having sex with members of the same sex, or lusting after.' b'so other forbidden sex acts are a valid topic for conversation.' b'' b'and the idea that these relationships may be emotional relationships' b'between adult humans is red herring. we all agree that it is okay' b'for adults to have caring relationships with one another.' b'' b'link hudson.' 