b'' b'hi everyone,' b'' b"i'm trying to find my way to god, but find it difficult as i can't hear" b'god talking to me, letting me know that he exists and is with me and' b"that he knows me, and i feel that i can't possibly get to know him until" b"he does. maybe he _is_ talking to me but i just don't know or understand" b'how to listen.' b'' b'some christians tell me that (in their opinion) the only way to find god' b'is to take a plunge and commit your life to him, and you will discover.' b'this idea of diving into the totally unknown is a little bit' b'frightening, but i have a few questions.' b'' b'1) how do you actually commit yourself? if i just say, "ok god, her you' b'go, i\'m committing my life to you", i wouldn\'t really feel that he\'d' b"listened at least, i couldn't be sure that he had. so how does one (or" b'how did you) commit oneself to god?' b'' b'2) in committing myself in this way, what do i have to forfeit of my' b"current life? what can i no longer do? i feel that i'm as 'good' as many" b"christians, and i try to uphold the idea of 'loving your neighbour' i" b"don't go round killing people, stealing, etc., and i try not to get" b'jealous of other people in any way and i would say that i keep to the' b'standards of treating other people as well as many christians. so what' b'do i have to give up?' b'' b'3) when committed, what do i have to do? what does it involve? what (if' b'any) burdens am i taking on?' b'' b"4) so then, what's the general difference before and after? i assume," b"that (like on your birthday you don't suddenly feel a year older) it" b"won't suddenly change my life the day i commit myself. so what happens?" b'' b'5) how can i be sure that it is the right thing to do? how can i find' b"out what the 'it' in the last sentence actually _is_?!" b'' b'thanks very much for all your help in answering these questions. perhaps' b"e-mail would be a better way to reply, but it's up to you." b'' b'ben.' b'(20 year-old at university in scotland)' 