b'' b'' b'bruce webster writes:' b'indeed, lds doctrine goes one step further and in some cases' b"holds parents responsible for their children's sins if they have" b'failed to bring them up properly (cf. d&c note that this' b'passage applies it only to members of the lds church).' b'' b'i include the key verse (d&c because others' b'may not have the reference.' b'' b'"and again, inasmuch as parents have children in zion,' b'or in any of her stakes which are organized, that teach' b'them not to understand the doctrine of repentance,' b'faith in christ the son of the living god, and of' b'baptism and the gift of the holy ghost by the laying' b'on of the hands, when eight years old, the sin be' b'upon the heads of the parents."' b'' b'what is "the sin" of the parents?' b'' b'hi bruce. how do you reconcile this practice with ezekiel b'ezekiel "the soul who sins is the one who will die. the son will not' b'share the guilt of the father, nor will the father share the guilt of the' b'son. the righteousness of the righteous man will be credited to him, and' b'the wickedness of the wicked will be charged against him."' b'' b'is ezekiel not translated correctly in your eyes perhaps?' b'' b'ezekiel teaches a correct principle.' b'however, it assumes that fathers and sons have' b'equal knowledge to prepare for the judgment.' b'' b'parents are responsible to teach their children' b'the gospel and other life skills. should they' b'fail to make a sufficient attempt to teach their' b'children, the parent would be held responsible' b"-- not for their children's sins, but for not" b'teaching them properly.' b'' b'whenever the lord installs someone to a position' b'of authority in either the family or the church he' b'expects that person to teach those in his charge.' b'' b'in ezekiel someone called to care for others' b'is likened to "a watchman unto the house of israel."' b'"if thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from' b'his way, that man shall die in his iniquity; but' b'his blood will i require at thine hand.' b'nevertheless, if thou warn the wicked of his way to' b'turn from it; if he do not turn from his way, he' b'shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast' b'delivered thy soul."' b'' b'even though the d&c prefaces this commandment with' b'"parents have children in zion" i believe all' b'parents are responsible for teaching their children' b'whatever good principles they understand.' b'however, lds parents accept greater responsbility' b'and could be judged more strictly.' b'' b'a idler' 