b'' b'the blessed virgin mary appeared to catherine laboure, a nun of the' b'sisters of charity on july at rue du bac, paris.' b'' b'sister catherine was awakened late that night by a small boy, age b'or who was literally glowing with some sort of interior light.' b'the child led her to the sanctuary of the chapel where he promised' b'the virgin mary was to be found awaiting her. our lady appeared to' b'her and instructed her for two hours or more on matters pertaining' b'to her life and to the future of france and the world.' b'' b'on november our lady appeared again to catherine. she instructed' b'her to have a medal struck. she told her that those who wore this' b'medal would enjoy special protection from the mother of god and would' b'receive great graces. in less than a year there were three more' b'apparitions. in june of the medals were a reality. many reports' b'were received by those who wore it. within two years of its issuing' b'the medal was known as the "miraculous medal". catherine died in b'her body to this day is remarkably preserved (incorrupt). she was' b'canonized on july her body lies in the chapel at the' b'motherhouse on the rue du bac where she had her first meeting with' b'our lady.' b'' b'the apparition on november was of average height and clothed' b'in white with a veil that flowed over the head and fell to the floor.' b"above the altar, a pyramid painted to represent god's all knowing" b"wisdom looked down on them. our lady's feet rested on a white globe" b'and there was also a green serpent with yellow spots that she was' b'stepping on. in her hands was a golden ball that represented the world.' b'great streams of light issued from her hands and she also showed' b'catherine an image of two hearts, the sacred heart wrapped in' b'piercing thorns and her own heart punctured by a sword. the sword' b'represented her suffering with jesus.' b'' b'the apparitions announced the onset of the great battle and forewarned' b'that a dark era lay in the immediate future. it was the apparition' b'leading up to the recent ones. our lady began to dispense secrets.' b'and with the globe she revealed herself in worldwide dispute' b'with the forces of the dark. she told catherine "the times are' b'evil. misfortunes will fall upon france. the throne will be' b'overturned. the entire world will be overcome by evils of all' b'kinds."' b'' b"refer to books on st. catherine for more of our lady's messages." b'a copy of the medal is also available in catholic bookstores.' b'' b'i will post other marian events every few days or so including' b'the ones happening today which are still under investigation.' b'these postings serve only to introduce you to these events.' b'please look more into them and understand the reason for' b'the increasing number and urgency of these apparitions.' b'' b'--' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------------' b"mark ashley |disclaimer: my opinions. not harris'" b'the lost los angelino 