b'' b'' b"i don't necessarily object to the secrecy but i do question it, since i see" b'no' b'biblical reason why any aspect of christian worship should involve secrecy.' b'' b'early in church history, the catechumens were dismissed prior to the' b'celebration' b'of the eucharist. it was secret, giving rise to the rumors that christians' b'were cannibals and all sorts of perverse claims. the actions were considered' b'too holy to be observed by non-christians, as well as potentially dangerous' b'for the individual christian who might be identified.' b'' b'' b'larry b'' b"thanks for the reply, but this isn't quite the same thing. like i said before," b'i can understand why non-christians would be denied *access* to holy' b'ceremonies, but the ceremony itself (communion) was not secret. in fact, all' b'four gospels record the first "breaking of the bread" in some detail.' b'communion was a fellowship meal, and it was (and still should be, in my' b'opinion) inappropriate to invite those who did not share in the fellowship of' b'the body of christ. the fact that unbelievers, denied access to these communal' b'meals, began to imagine all sorts of secret and debased rituals during' b'communion does not by any means imply that the early christians were in fact' b'hiding shameful things from the general public. in fact, i think if you read' b'some of the early church fathers, you will find that they were not at all' b"bashful about describing what went on during communion. that's why it seems" b'funny to me when mormons, who claim to be the only true restoration of 1st' b'century christianity, insist on hiding certain rituals on the grounds that they' b'are "too sacred."' b'' b'- mark' b'' b"[actually, that's not quite the case. john omits the central elements" b'of the last supper. his gospel is full of symbolism of bread and' b"wine. but the actual story isn't there. some people think he has" b'omitted some of the details because they were not talked about in' b'public in his community. there is also evidence that some aspects of' b'baptismal practice were kept secret. see morton smith\'s "secret' b'gospel" i don\'t agree with his lurid speculations on what the' b'secret practices actually were, but there does seem to be some' b'evidence that mark omitted certain details because they were' b'inappropriate for publication. --clh]' 