b'' b' his theology clashed with the theology of the' b' local prophets. it was out of a very deep understanding of the mosaic' b' covenant and an actute awareness of international events that jeremiah' b' spoke his prophesies. the "judgement prophesies" were deeply loaded with' b' theological meaning.' b'' b' in my opinion, both the portland earthquake prophesy and the david wilkerson' b' "new york will burn" prophesy are froth and bubble compared to the majestic' b' theological depths of the jeremiah prophesies.' b'' b"perhaps one other thing i should have added is that jeremiah's prophesies" b'about the coming destruction of jerusalem would have been understood by' b'the people of that time to be a full frontal assault on their understanding' b'of their relationship with the lord. today the if the general populace' b'hears "prophesies" like the portland earthquake or new york will burn' b'ones, they are unlikely to see it in the context of their relationship' b'(or lack of it) with the lord. they are far more likely to think that' b'they are just the result of the fevered imaginations of a religious nutter.' b'that is one reason why i am always deep;y suspicious of bald judgement' b'prophesies without any explanation of the reasons for the judgement. this' b"doesn't have to be long winded. to see a relatively modern example look" b"at abraham lincoln's second inaugural speech. the relevant section is" b'below. it is this type of spiritual insight which was missing in both' b'prophesies posted here.' b'' b"--- excerpt from abraham lincoln's 2nd inaugural speech----" b'' b'both read the same bible, and pray' b'to the same god; and each invokes his aid against the other. it may seem' b"strange that any men should dare to ask a just god's assistance in wringing" b"their bread from the sweat of other men's faces; but let us judge not" b'that we be not judged. the prayers of both could not he answered that of neither' b"has been answered fully. the almighty has his own purposes. ''woe unto the" b'world because of offences! for it must needs be that offences come; but woe to' b'that man by whom the offence cometh" if we shall suppose that american' b'slavery is one of those offences which, in the provdence of god, must needs come' b'but which, having continued through his appointed time, he now wills to remove' b'and that he gives to both north and south, this terrible war, as the woe due to' b'those by whom the offence came, shall we discern therein an departure from' b'those divine attribute which the believers in a living god always ascribe' b'to him fondly do we hope fervently do we pray that this mighty' b'scourge of war may speedily pass away. yet, if god wills that it continue,' b"until all the wealth piled by the bond-man's two hundred and fifty years of" b'unrequited toil shall be sunk, and until every drop of blood drawn with' b'the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword, as was said three' b'thousand years ago, so still it must be said "the judgments of the lord,' b'are true and righteous altogether"' b'with malice toward none; with charity for all; with firmness in the right,' b'as god gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we' b"are in; to bind up the nation's wounds; to care for him who shall have" b'borne the battle, and for his widow, and his orphan to do all which' b'may achieve and cherish a just, and a lasting peace, among ourselves,' b'and with all nations.' b'' b'' b'--' b'___' b'bill rea (o o)' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------w--u--w---' b'| christchurch, new zealand phone fax b'-----------------------------------------------------------------------------' 