b'' b'' b'' b'[bible verses ag./ used ag. homosexuality deleted]' b'' b'anyone who thinks being gay and christianity are not compatible should' b'check out dignity, integrity, more light presbyterian churches, affirmation,' b'mcc churches, etc. meet some gay christians, find out who they are, pray' b'with them, discuss scripture with them, and only *then* form your opinion.' b'' b'also check out the episcopal church although by no means all' b'episcopalians are sympathetic to homosexual men and women, there' b'certainly is a fairly large percentage (in my experience) who are. i' b'am good friends with an episcopalian minister who is ordained and' b'living in a monogamous homosexual relationship. this in no way' b'diminishes his ability to minister in fact he has a very' b'significant ministry with the gay and lesbian association of his' b'community, as well as a very significant aids ministry.' b'' b'this may sound argumentative, but do the pro-homosexual crowd give the' b'same support to church members that are involved in incestuous relationships?' b'if we do a little substitution above, we get:' b'' b'"although by no means all episcopalians are sympathetic to incestuous' b'men and women, there certainly is a fairly larget percentage (in my' b'experience) who are. i am good friends with an episcopalian minister' b'who is ordained and living in a monogamous incestual relationship. this' b'in no way diminishes his ability to minister in fact he has a very' b'significant ministry with the incest association of his community..."' b'' b"do the same standards apply? if not, why not? and while we're in the" b"ballpark, what about bestiality? i can't recall offhand if there are" b'any direct statements in the bible regarding sex with animals; does that' b'activity have more or less a sanction?' b'' b'please avoid responses such as "you\'re taking this to extremes". i would' b'guess that a disproportionate percentage of the inerrant bible community' b'views homosexual acts with distaste in the same manner that society at' b'large views incest.' b'' b'--' b'---------------------------------------------------------------------' b'"they came for the davidians, but i did not speak up because' b'i was not a davidian. then they came for me..." opinions expressed' b'are mine and do not represent those of rockwell.' b'---------------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b'' b'[ obviously you can replace homosexuality in the above statement by' b"anything from murder to sleeping late. that doesn't mean that the" b'same people would accept those substitutions. the question is whether' b'the relationships involved do in fact form an appropriate vehicle to' b"represent christ's relationship to humanity. this is at least" b'*partly* an empirical question.' b'' b'in some cases types of human relationship have been rejected because' b"over time they always seem to lead to trouble. i think that's the" b"case with slavery. one can argue that in theory, if you follow paul's" b"guidelines, it's possible to have christian slaveholders. but in" b'practice, over a period of time, most people came to the conclusion' b'that nobody can really have that degree of control over another and' b'not abuse it.' b'' b'the message you were responding to was asking you to look at the' b'results from christian communities that endorse homosexuality. (note:' b'christian homosexuals, not people you see on the news advocating some' b'extremist agenda). you may not want to base your decision completely' b"on that kind of observation, but i would argue that it's at least" b"relevant. you can't answer the request by asking why you shouldn't" b'look at the incest association, because in fact there is no such' b'association. if there were, it might be reasonable for you to look at' b"it too. of course that doesn't mean that the results of all such" b'examinations would necessarily come out the same way. part of why' b"there aren't groups pushing all possible relaxed standards is that" b'some of them do produce obviously bad results.' b'' b'--clh]' 