b'' b'' b'alan we can also analyze to whom the lord is addressing: "marvel' b'alan not that i said unto thee, ye must be born again" (john b'alan here jesus is clearly directing his remarks to nicodemus a' b'alan ruler of the jews (not a child).' b'' b'yes, but jesus also made a very general and doctrinal statement' b'in the same conversation:' b'' b'"flesh gives birth to flesh, but the spirit gives birth to spirit."' b'(john b'' b'clearly infants are not born of the spirit. thus, without baptism' b'they are unspiritual. they are not born with the image of god, but in' b"adam's fallen image (cf. gen they have no righteousness of" b'their own, just as adults have no righteousness of their own. there' b'is only the imputed righteousness of christ, which believers receive' b'through faith.' b'' b'alan we can ask ourselves why the lord would even introduce the' b'alan concept of spiritual re-birth through baptism if newborn babies' b"alan weren't free from sin?" b'' b'your point is a little obscure here, but i think you are saying' b'that christ used the "innocence" of newborn babes as a metaphor' b'for spiritual re-birth. but this is not what he did.' b'if you look at the text, he did not speak' b'of spiritual re-birth but of spiritual birth. we are' b'born of the spirit once, not twice or several times.' b'we are also born of the flesh once. the lord makes it' b'clear that these are separate and different events.' b'it is true that other scriptures refer to spiritual' b'birth as re-birth because it is a second birth' b'(for example, titus but it is not a second' b'*spiritual* birth.' b'' b'the only thing the two births have in common is the concept of birth,' b"which is used as a symbol of `new life' not of innocence. when an" b'infant is born (or conceived) a new life is begun--but it is neither' b'innocent nor righteous. similarly when that same individual is' b'baptized, or perhaps when they believe prior to baptism, they begin a' b'new life in christ (romans colossians titus ephesians' b"2:5). then the believer has god's assurance of the forgiveness of" b"their sins, and of christ's imputed righteousness." b'' b'for references, see' b'the augsburg confession article ii, original sin,' b'the apology to the augsburg confession,' b'article ii, original sin,' b'the formula of concord, article i, original sin, and' b"luther's large catechism, part baptism." b'' b'for something more recent, see "baptized into god\'s family: the' b'doctrine of infant baptism" by andrew das, available from northwestern' b'publishing house. andrew is a graduate of concordia lutheran' b'seminary, st. louis, and is now pursuing doctoral studies at yale' b'divinity school.' b'' b'david wagner\t\t\t"but mad reason rushes forth' b'a confessional lutheran\t\tand, because baptism is not' b'dazzling like the works we do,' b'regards it as worthless."' b'--martin luther, large catechism' b'--part baptism' 