b'' b'' b'ok, let me see if i can get all this out concisely. i am on an' b'information gathering venture regarding the various expressions of' b'christianity/churches there are.' b'my husband and i come from very different, but completely' b'christian backgrounds. i was a lutheran when i met him and he was a' b'born and raised church of christ member. at first i agreed with a lot' b'of what the c of c was about, i wanted to move from the liturgical' b'based lutheran church to something a little more biblical based.' b"however over the last year, i've been regretting changing to the" b'church of christ for a number of reasons for one thing i am not a' b'fundamentalist and believe that a few things in the bible are' b"socio-cultural in nature and don't relate to the christian doctrine." b'one of my sorest spots is the role of women. i believe that through' b'mary and other women, chris validated women as worthy disciples but' b'in the c of c the writings of paul are taken without exception and i' b'am told that i am not an equal partner in my marriage but the lesser' b'member, i am to submit to my husband in all things (if i hear that' b'verse one more time....) and i am not to take an active role in' b'anything which might be construed as putting me in authority over men' b'(ie leading prayers, conducting bible studies etc). the last straw' b'was when the elders at our church came down on one of our college' b'groups because it was all-women and they wanted a man to lead the' b'study.' b'also my husband and i really resent the way everyone at our church' b"feels that if you aren't a conservative republican you aren't a real" b'christian (i got told that nobody who voted for clinton should call' b'themselves a christian). hence we are subjected during the service to' b'long prayers calling for things we flatly dont agree with. we are' b'also don\'t agree with the c of c\'s dread of any new "movement" being' b'led by the young people.' b'' b'so, we have been church hunting with no success. i want a reasonably' b'biblical based church where women are viewed as whole people no matter' b'what their calling c of c really looked down on career women).' b'christopher is looking for a church with deeply rooted religious' b'convictions, with adult baptism and a church where the members still' b'bring their bibles to service.' b'' b"we are so confused here and we're drifting around trying to find a" b'place where we both feel loved and can express our faith honestly and' b"without reservation. if anyone can point us in a direction we'd be" b'thrilled!' b"i'm afraid that it will be very hard for me to go back to c of c and" b'even harder for me to stay churchless for long.' b'' b'any responses would be welcome' b'' b'' b'the diel family' b'' b'[i would think somewhere in the baptist spectrum you might find what' b"you're looking for. however the issue is probably more one of the" b'flavor of the specific local churches in your area than the' b'denomination baptists cover quite a spectrum. adult baptism sort' b'of narrows your choices on the more liberal end of the spectrum.' b"historically that's been associated with movements that have the" b"character you're trying to avoid. --clh]" 