b'' b'hello.' b'i just like to share this rosary and other prayer propagation' b'practice we do in my country. i am not sure if it is going on' b'also here in the us or any other country. in all these b"yrs. i've been here in illinois, usa, i have not encountered" b'it. may i just call it "traveling fatima" since i don\'t know' b'of an exact translation of what we call it in my native language.' b'' b'for certain regions in a district in a town or city, an image/' b'statue of our lady of fatima is moved from one home (originating' b'from owner) to another. this will stay with that family for' b'one week and this family is required to pray the rosary and' b'other prayers (prayer sheets accompany the image) to our lady' b'of fatima. the move will be like a simple procession of folks' b"picking up the image from its current 'home' after 'departing'" b'prayers and proceeds to move it to the next home which has the' b"prior notification about the move. there will be the 'receiving'" b'prayers at the next home to welcome our lady of fatima image' b'there. it does not have to be that only members of the family' b'in that home who must pray to the image. they may invite others' b'(or others/friends can invite themselves in to participate' b"during prayer time in that 'new' home everyday for one week." b'this image is moved from one family to the next within the' b'bounded region of that district, until it goes back to the owner' b'of the image.' b'' b'this is probably going on around there (philippines) right now' b'(or somebody correct me when exactly since i forgot) and every' b'year, this is part of our devotion to our lady of fatima.' b'' b'it has been easy to facilitate this back home because it is more' b'likely that your next door neighbor is a catholic and the image' b'then is just moved next door.' b'' b'i am thinking of starting something like it in the village where' b'my sister and her family lives. most of our friends and neighbors' b'there are catholics and practicing ones.' b'' b"i'd like to know if there are any state/community laws that this" b'practice will violate, whatsoever, before i go for it. thank you' b'for any comments or help about this matter.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--' 