b'' b'who is ram das?' b'' b'according to his brochures, he is a.k.a. richard alpert, phd, and is' b'somehow associated with the:' b'' b'seva foundation' b'8 n. san pedro road' b'san rafael, ca b'' b'and the:' b'hanuman foundation' b'524 san anselmo ave b'san anselmo, ca b'' b'he speaks publically on such topics as "consciousness current' b'events," and has written some books and recorded some tapes on' b'similar subjects.' b'' b'why do i care? my wife wants to go to one of his lectures. when' b'i asked why, she said ram das was "the greatest spiritual leader' b'of our time!"' b'' b'several years ago my wife got involved with a religious cult, and' b'we went through months of hell that almost ended our marriage' b"before she quit. let's just say i'm concerned about this ram das" b'and her interest, especially so with the recent religious cult' b'events from texas. i need information solid and real so i' b"know what i'm dealing with." b'' b'if you have any information about ram das or the organizations' b'shown above, i would be very interested in your correspondence.' b'' b'thank you!' b'' b'-- scott roleson' b'' b'[the dictionary of cults that i use classifies this as "new age", with' b'a basically hindu orientation. the headquarters is (or was when this' b'was written) at that lama foundation, which they identify as a "new' b'age commune" in san cristobel, new mexico. for information you might' b'read alpert\'s books, which they list as "be here now" (an' b'autobiography), "the only dance there is", and "grist for the mill".' b'it is dealt with briefly in a citation given as "larson, new book, pp' b'339-41". i assume this is bob larson, "larson\'s new book of cults".' b'i\'d warn you however that the whole approach to the "new age" is' b'controversial. sources such as the reference book i used, as well as' b'bob larson, believe in a satanic new age conspiracy, which some regard' b'as hysterical. however at the very least, it seems clear that this is' b'not a christian group. --clh]' 