b'' b'(ilyess bdira) writes:' b" 1)why do jews who don't even believe in god (as is the case with many" b' of the founders of secular zionism) have a right in palestine more' b' than the inhabitants of palestine, just because god gave you the land?' b'g-d has nothing to do with it. some of the land was in fact given to the' b'jews by the united nations, quite a bit of it was purchased from arab' b'absentee landlords. present claims are based on prior ownership (purchase' b'from aforementioned absentee landlords) award by the united nations in the' b'partition of the palestine mandate territory, and as the result of' b'defensive wars fought against the egyptians, syrians, jordanians, et al.' b'' b'***' b' 2)why do most of them speak of the west bank as theirs while most of' b' the inhabitants are not jews and do not want to be part of israel?' b'first, i should point out that many jews do not in fact agree with the' b'idea that the west bank is theirs. since, however, i agree with those who' b'claim the west bank, i think i can answer your question thusly: the west' b'bank was what is called the spoils of war. hussein ordered the arab legion' b'to attack israel, which was a poor move, seeing as how the israelis' b'promptly kicked his butt. the territory is therefore forefeit. retaining' b'possession of all of the west bank is not desirable, but it beats' b'national suicide for the israelis. put another way, one could ask why it' b'is that so many palestinians seem to think that tel-aviv belongs to them' b'and the future state of palestine. as long as this state of affairs' b'continues, it seems that to give the palestinians a place from which they' b'can launch attacks on jews is a real poor idea. giving up the entire west' b'bank would be idiotic froma security standpoint. in addition, there is' b'the small matter of jerusalem, which is considered to be part of the west' b'bank. the chances of the israelis giving up jerusalem are nil. even' b"leftists who think yasser is a really cool dude, like yossi sarid, aren't" b"going to propose giving up jerusalem. if he did, he'd get run out of town" b'on a rail.' b'' b'' b'chag sameach!' b'jeff' 