b'' b'' b'\t sure it joined you by ballot in and i suppose that' b'\t northern bukovina (where i was born), which has always had' b'' b"that's why zoologists refer to you as a 'fecal shield'. colonel semen" b'm. budienny, a subsequent soviet military fame, said about the' b'armenian genocide of million defenseless turkish and kurdish' b'women, children and elderly people during his visit to anatolia' b'in june that' b'' b'"the armenians had become troublemakers, their hinchakist' b'and dashnakist parties were opportunist, serving as lackeys' b'of whatever power happened to be ascendent."' b'' b'in september major general w. thwaites, director of' b'military intelligence, wrote to lord hardinge, under-secretary' b'of state for foreign affairs:' b'' b'"...it is useless to pretend that the armenians are satisfactory' b'allies, or deserving of all the sympathy to which they claim."[1]' b'' b'[1] f.o. b'' b'in the special collection at stanford hoover library, donated by' b'georgia cutler, the letter dated nov. states that' b'' b'"prescot hall wrote a large volume to prove that armenians were' b'not and never could be desirable citizens, that they would' b'always be unscrupulous merchants."' b'' b'' b'source: documents: volume i b'"document no: archive no: cabin no: drawer' b'no: file no: section no: contents no: b'(to 36th division command militia commander ismail hakki)' b'' b'"for eight days, armenians have been forcibly obstructing people from' b'leaving their homes or going from one village to the other. day and night' b'they are rounding up male inhabitants, taking them to unknown destinations,' b'after which nothing further is heard of them. (informed from statements' b'of those who succeeded in escaping wounded from the massacres around' b'taskilise ruins). women and children are being openly murdered or are' b'being gathered in the church square and similar places. most inhuman and' b'barbarous acts have been committed against moslems for eight days."' b'' b'' b'"document no: archive no: cabin no: drawer' b'no: file no: section no: contents no: b'(to: 1st caucasian army corps command, 2nd caucasian army corps' b'command, communications zone inspectorate commander 3rd army' b'general)' b'' b'"as almost all russian units opposite our front have been withdrawn, the' b'population loyal to us in regions behind the russian positions are' b'facing an ever-increasing threat and suppression as well as cruelties' b'and abuses by armenians who have decided to systematically annihilate' b'the moslem population in regions under their occupation. i have' b'regularly informed the russian command of these atrocities and' b'cruelties and i have gained the impression that the above authority' b'seems to be failing in restoring order."' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian 