b'' b'' b'i dunno, warren. just the other day i heard a rumor that "serdar argic"' b'(aka hasan mutlu and ahmed cosar and zumabot) is not really a turk at all,' b'but in fact is an armenian' b'' b'1/64th or 63/64th?' b'' b'i must congratulate your analytical and excellent' b'reportage about diana. from the writings of tye' b'biographers you quoted, i can perceive, maybe' b'chauvinistically, the remnants of her armenian' b'genes. even though she is only 1/64th armenian,' b'she seems to have many of the strong' b'characteristics of armenian women. her armenian' b'ancestry is traced to eliza kewark (an armenian' b'from india), who married the scottish merchant' b'thedore forbes. from the union was born kathleen' b'scott forbes, who married james crombie from' b'aberdeen. they had a daughter jane, who married' b'david littlejohn. their daughter ruth married' b'william gill. ruth silvia gill, the grandmother of' b'lady diana, married lord fermoy, and their' b'daughter, frances ruth burke roache, married the' b'eight earl of spencer, who was the father of lady' b'diana. it is noteworthy that eliza kewark was also' b'referred to as mrs. forbesian (a characteristic' b'armenian surname ending). an armenian-scottish' b'gene mix is dynamite.' b'' b'levon k. topuzian' b'assistant professor' b'northwestern university' b'skoie, illinois.' b'' b"time, december 'letters'" b'' b'who is attempting to make any discussion of the' b'massacres in armenia of turks so noise-laden as to make serious discussion' b'impossible, thereby cloaking the historical record with a tremendous cloud' b'of confusion.' b'' b"you have set up straw horses and knocked them down. i'm not impressed." b"anyway, the armenians tore apart the ottoman empire's eastern provinces," b'massacred million defenseless turkish women, children and elderly' b'people, burned thousands of turkish and kurdish villages and exterminated' b'the entire turkish population of the armenian dictatorship between' b'1914-1920. such outrageous sleight of hand that is still employed today' b'in armenia brings a depth and verification to the turkish genocide' b'that is hard to match. a hundred years ago armenians again thought' b'they could get whatever they wanted through sheer terror like the' b'russian anarchists that they accepted as role models. several armenian' b'terror groups like asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism triangle' b'resorted to the same tactics in the 1980s, butchering scores of innocent' b'turks and their families in the united states and europe. it seems that' b'they are doing it again, at a different scale, in fascist x-soviet armenia' b'today.' b'' b'' b'source: stanford j. shaw, on armenian collaboration with invading russian' b'armies in "history of the ottoman empire and modern turkey (volume' b'ii: reform, revolution republic: the rise of modern turkey, b'(london, cambridge university press pp. b'' b'"in april dashnaks from russian armenia organized a revolt in the city' b'of van, whose armenians comprised percent of the population,' b'closest to an armenian majority of any city in the empire...leaving erivan' b'on april armenian volunteers reached van on may and organized' b'and carried out a general slaughter of the local muslim population during' b'the next two days while the small ottoman garrison had to retreat to the' b'southern side of the lake."' b'' b'"knowing their numbers would never justify their territorial ambitions,' b'armenians looked to russia and europe for the fulfillment of their aims.' b'armenian treachery in this regard culminated at the beginning of the first' b'world war with the decision of the revolutionary organizations to refuse' b'to serve their state, the ottoman empire, and to assist instead other' b'invading russian armies. their hope was their participation in the russian' b'success would be rewarded with an independent armenian state carved out of' b'ottoman territories. armenian political leaders, army officers, and common' b'soldiers began deserting in droves."' b'' b'"with the russian invasion of eastern anatolia in at the beginning of' b"world war i, the degree of armenian collaboration with the ottoman's enemy" b'increased drastically. ottoman supply lines were cut by guerilla attacks,' b'armenian revolutionaries armed armenian civil populations, who in turn' b'massacred the muslim population of the province of van in anticipation of' b'expected arrival of the invading russian armies."' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 