b'' b'' b'<disclaimer: if there is anybody on usenet dumb enough to interpret' b'this posting as a serious and meaningful one, i want to assure this' b'entity that it was but a joke' b'' b'still yelling at the telephone and the lawn mower? people will think' b"you're just some looney howling in the wires. now any comment?" b'' b'' b'source: documents: volume i b'"document no: archive no: cabin no: drawer' b'no: file no: section no: contents no: b'(to lt. colonel seyfi, general headquarters, second section,' b'istanbul dr. stephan eshnanie)' b'' b"'neues wiener tagblatt' vienna, 'pester lloyd' 'local anzliger' berlin," b"'algemeen handelsblat' amsterdam, 'vakit' istanbul." b'' b'"i have been closely following for two weeks the withdrawal of russians and' b'armenians from turkish territories through armenia. although two months' b'have elapsed since the clearing of the territories of armenian gangs, i' b'have been observing the evidence of the cruelties of the armenians at' b'almost every step. all the villages from trabzon to erzincan and from' b'erzincan to erzurum are destroyed. corpses of turks brutally and cruelly' b'slain are everywhere. according to accounts by those who were able to' b'save their lives by escaping to mountains, the first horrible and fearful' b'events begun when the russian forces evacuated the places which were then' b'taken over by armenian gangs. the russians usually treated the people' b'well, but the people feared the intervention of the armenians. once these' b'places had been taken over by the armenians, however, the massacres begun.' b'they clearly announced their intention of clearing what they called the' b'armenian and kurdish land from the turks and thus, solve the nationality' b'problem. today i had the opportunity to meet austrian and german soldiers' b'who had escaped from russian prison camps and come from kars and' b'alexander paul (gumru-leninakan)...russian officers tried to save the' b'turks and there were clashes between russian officers and armenian gangs.' b'i am now in erzurum, and what i see is terrible. almost the whole city is' b'destroyed. the smell of the corpses still fills the air. although there are' b'speculations that armenian gangs murdered austrian and german prisoners as' b'well, i could not get the supporting evidence in this regard, but there is' b'proof of murdering of turkish prisoners of war."' b'' b'dr. stephan eshnanie' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 