b'' b'' b'the orders for the turkish extermination of the armenians b'to the children of genocide: "send them away into the desert"' b'' b'this is part of a continuing series of articles containing official turkish' b'wartime (ww1) governmental telegrams, in translation, entailing the orders' b'for the extermination of the armenian people in turkey. generally, these' b'telegrams were issued by the turkish minister of the interior, talaat pasha,' b'for example, we have the following set regarding children:' b'' b'"to the government of aleppo.' b'' b'november we are informed that the little ones belonging to' b'the armenians from sivas, mamuret-ul-aziz, diarbekir and erzeroum' b'[hundreds of km distance from aleppo] are adopted by certain moslem' b'families and received as servants when they are left alone through' b'the death of their parents. we inform you that you are to collect' b'all such children in your province and send them to the places of' b'deportation, and also to give the necessary orders regarding this to' b'the people.' b'' b'minister of the interior,' b'' b'talaat" b'' b'"to the government of aleppo.' b'' b'september there is no need for an orphanage. it is not the' b'time to give way to sentiment and feed the orphans, prolonging their' b'lives. send them away to the desert and inform us.' b'' b'minister of the interior,' b'talaat" b'' b'"to the general committee for settling and deportees.' b'' b'november there were more than four hundred children in the' b'orphanage. they will be added to the caravans and sent to their' b'places of exile.' b'' b'abdullahad nuri. b'' b'' b'"to the government of aleppo.' b'' b'january we hear that certain orphanages which have been' b'opened receive also the children of the armenians. whether this is' b'done through the ignorance of our real purpose, or through contempt' b'of it, the government will regard the feeding of such children or' b'any attempt to prolong their lives as an act entirely opposed to it' b'purpose, since it considers the survival of these children as' b'detrimental. i recommend that such children shall not be received' b'into the orphanages, and no attempts are to be made to establish' b'special orphanages for them.' b'' b'minister of the interior,' b'' b'talaat." b'' b'"to the government of aleppo.' b'' b'' b'collect and keep only those orphans who cannot remember the tortures' b'to which their parents have been subjected. send the rest away with' b'the caravans.' b'' b'minister of the interior,' b'' b'talaat" b'' b'"from the ministry of the interior to the government of aleppo.' b'' b'at a time when there are thousands of moslem refugees and the widows' b'of shekid [fallen soldiers] are in need of food and protection, it is' b'not expedient to incur extra expenses by feeding the children left by' b'armenians, who will serve no purpose except that of giving trouble' b'in the future. it is necessary that these children should be turned' b'out of your vilayet and sent with the caravans to the place of' b'deportation. those that have been kept till now are also to be sent' b'away, in compliance with our previous orders, to sivas.' b'' b'minister of the interior,' b'' b'talaat" b'' b'in halide edip (a pioneer turkish nationalist) wrote in her memoirs' b'about a conversation with talaat pasha, verifying and "rationalizing" this' b'ultra-national fascist anti-armenian mentality, the following:' b'' b'"i have the conviction that as long as a nation does the best for' b'its own interest, and succeeds, the world admires it and thinks' b'it moral. i am ready to die for what i have done, and i know i' b'shall die for it." b'' b'' b'these telegrams were entered as unquestioned evidence during the trial of' b"talaat pasha's, assassin, soghomon tehlerian. the turkish government never" b'questioned these "death march orders" until during a time when the world' b'was again reminded of the genocide of the armenians.' b'' b'for reasons known to those who study the psychology of genocide denial, the' b'turkish government and their supporters in crime deny that such orders were' b'ever issued, and further claim that these telegrams were forgeries based on a' b'study by s. orel and s. yuca of the turkish historical society.' b'' b'if one were to examine the sample "authentic text" provided in the turkish' b'historical society study and use their same forgery test on that sample, it' b'too would be a forgery!. in fact, if any of the tests delineated by the' b'turkish historical society are performed an any piece of ottoman turkish or' b'persian/arabic script, one finds that anything handwritten in such language is' b'a forgery.' b'' b'today, the body of talaat pasha lies in a tomb on liberty hill, istanbul,' b'turkey, just next to the yildiz university campus. the body of this genocide' b'architect was returned to turkey from germany during ww2 when turkey was in a' b'heightened state of proto-fascism. recently, this monument has served as a' b'focal point for anti-armenianism in turkey.' b'' b"this monument represents the epitome of the turkish government's pathological" b'denial of a clear historical event and is an insult to a people whose only' b'crime was to be born armenian.' b'' b'- references b'' b'[1] _the memoirs of naim bey_, aram andonian, pages b'' b'[2] ibid, page b'' b'[3] ibid, page b'' b'[4] ibid, page b'' b'[5] ibid, page b'' b'[6] ibid, page b'' b'[7] _memoirs of halide edip_, halide edip, the century press, new york (and' b'london), page b'' b'' b'--' b"s.d.p.a. center for regional studies the armenian border, when we can't" b'p.o. box even explain b'cambridge, ma turkish mp, march 