b'' b'' b' historically even the most uncivilized of peoples have exhibited' b' signs of compassion by allowing humanitarian aid to reach civilian' b' populations. even the nazis did this much.' b'' b'is the world community really so powerless? where are all those human' b'rights advocates? where are all the decent people? are we going to' b'let this human tragedy go on and do nothing about it? the number' b'of azeris murdered by the terrorist armenian army and its savage' b'gangs is increasing.' b'' b' news reporters make their living by providing stories, and there is' b' so way in hell that they are going to confuse the public with' b' what is happening in armenia (a country that few know of), and' b" risk detracting people's interest from what is happening in serbia." b'' b'then you must be living in an alternate universe. where were they?' b'' b'an appeal to mankind' b'' b'during the last three years azerbaijan and its multinational' b'population are vainly fighting for justice within the limits of' b'the soviet union. all humanitarian, constitutional human rights' b'guaranteed by the un charter, universal declaration of human' b'rights, helsinki agreements, human problems international forums,' b'documents signed by the soviet union all of them are violated.' b'' b"the ussr's president, government bodies do not defend azerbaijan" b'though they are all empowered to take necessary measures to' b'guarantee life and peace.' b'' b"the strong army of armenian terrorists with moscow's" b'tacit consent wages an undeclared war of annihilation against' b'azerbaijan. as a result, a part of azerbaijan has been occupied' b'and annexed, hundreds of people killed, thousands wounded.' b'' b'some azerbaijanis have been brutally and inhumanly' b'deported from the armenian ssr, their historical homeland.' b'together with them russians and kurds have also' b'been driven out, a part of them now settled in azerbaijan.' b'some turkish-meskhetians, lezghins and representatives' b'of other caucasian nationalities who escaped from the central' b'asia where the president and government bodies did not guarantee' b'them the life and peace also suffered from these deportations.' b'' b'one of the scandalous vandalisms directed not only against' b'azerbaijan science but the world civilization as well is the' b"armenian extremists' destruction of the karabakh scientific" b'experimental base of the institute of genetics and selection' b'of the academy of sciences of the azerbaijan ssr.' b'' b'we beg you for humanitarian help and political assistance,' b'for the honour and dignity of million azerbaijanis are' b'violated, its territory, culture and history are trampled,' b'its people are shot. there is persistent negative image of' b'azerbaijanians abroad, and this defamation is spread over' b'the whole world by soviet mass media, armenian lobby in the' b'ussr and the united states.' b'' b'one of the myths is that all events allegedly involves and' b'generated by interethnic collisions and religious intolerance' b'while the truth is that all these shootings and recent' b'events stem from the territorial claims of armenia on' b'azerbaijan.' b'' b'it is a well documented fact that before the conflict there' b'were no frictions between armenians and azerbaijanis on the' b'issue of karabakh. hundreds and thousands armenians placidly' b'and calmly lived and worked in azerbaijan land, had their' b'representatives in all government bodies of the azerbaijan' b'ssr.' b'' b'we are for a united, indivisible, sovereign azerbaijan, we' b'are for a common caucasian home proclaimed in by one' b'of the founding fathers of the azerbaijan democratic' b'republic muhammed emin rasulzade.' b'' b'but all these goals and expectations are trampled upon the' b'soviet leadership in favour of the armenian expansionists' b"encouraged by moscow and intended to create a new b"year reich' the 'great armenia' by annexing the" b'neighboring lands.' b'' b'the world public opinion shed tears to save the whales,' b'suffers for penguins dying out in the antarctic continent.' b'' b'but what about the lives of seven million human beings?' b'if these people are muslims, does it mean that they are' b'less valuable? can people be discriminated by their' b'colour of skin or religion, by their residence or other' b'attributes?' b'' b'all people are brothers, and we appeal to our brothers' b'for help and understanding. this is not the first appeal' b'of azerbaijan to the world public opinion. our previous' b'appeals were unheard. however, we still carry the hope' b'that the truth beyond the russian and armenian propaganda' b'will one day reveal the extent of our suffering and' b'stimulate at least as much help and compassion for' b'azerbaijan as tendered to whales and penguins.' b'' b"the committee for people's help to" b'karabakh (of the) academy of sciences' b'of the azerbaijan ssr' b'' b' everyone knows this, even the turks know this, you know this. give' b' us a time period when the world is currently boring, and what is' b" happening in armenia would make front page headlines. think i'm lying?" b' take a look at what happened in somalia. when did the press report' b' it to the world?' b'' b'but perhaps turkiye should intervene in the affairs of the caucasus' b'in the name of peace and democracy. the armenians are christians, the' b'azerbaijanis are moslems, and islam is a religion especially unloved' b'by the democrat-westernizers. besides, at the root of this conflict' b'lie the territorial claims on azerbaijan, a consequence of which' b'were the blood and suffering of innocent azeri people, hundreds of' b'thousands of refugees, and gross violations of human rights.' b'' b'recently armenians attacked the azeri town of khojaly and massacred' b"thousands of azeris. the paris-based 'association for democracy and" b"human rights in azerbaijan' puts the number of khojali victims" b'at some of the dead were scalped and mutilated. this whole' b'thing has now gone entirely too far.' b'' b' want to know what will bring the story in armenia to the front' b' page? if the russians move into the area with a shit load of tanks' b' then your human rights advocates will show up defending the armenians.' b" of course we can also be sure that the russians won't show up with" b' any tanks, not with the problems they are having at home.' b'' b'they already did. the scenario and genocide staged by the armenians' b'78 years ago in the ottoman empire is being reenacted again this' b'time in azerbaijan. there are remarkable similarities between the' b'plots, the perpetrators, and the underdogs.' b'' b'report taken from the new york times, tuesday, march b'' b'massacre by armenians being reported' b'' b'agdam,azerbaijan,march (reuters) fresh evidence emerged today' b'of a massacre of civilians by armenian militants in nagorno-karabakh,' b'a predominantly armenian enclave of azerbaijan.' b'the republic of armenia reiterated denials that its militants had killed' b'1,000 people in the azerbaijani populated town of khojaly last week and' b'massacred men, women and children fleeing the carnage across snow-covered' b'mountain passes.' b'but dozen of bodies scattered over the area lent credence to azerbaijani' b'reports of a massacre.' b'' b'scalping reported' b'azerbaijani officials and journalists who flew briefly to the region' b'by helicopter brought back three dead children with the back of their' b'heads blown off. they said shooting by armenians has prevented them' b'from retrieving more bodies.' b'"women and children have been scalped," said assad faradshev, an aide' b'to nagorno-karabakh\'s azerbaijani governor. "when we began to pick up bodies,' b'they began firing at us."' b'the azerbaijani militia chief in agdam, rashid mamedov, said: "the bodies' b'are lying there like flocks of sheep. even the fascists did nothing like this."' b'' b'truckloads of bodies' b'near agdam on the outskirts of nagorno-karabakh, a reuters photographer,' b'frederique lengaigne, said she had seen two trucks filled with azerbaijani' b'bodies.' b'"in the first one i counted and it looked as though there were as' b'many in the second," she said. "some had their head cut off, and many had' b'been burned. they were all men, and a few had been wearing khaki uniforms.' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 