b'' b'' b'do it. depew has shown himself to be unrepentant (though embarrassed) and' b'still possessed of the same fucked-up hubris-laden self-righteousness that' b'' b'the theory is that the hollering kills the spirit of the criminal/nazi' b'armenians of the asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism triangle.' b'now, try dealing with the rest of what i wrote.' b'' b'what is more, the activities of the armenian government seem to have been' b'efforts aimed at eradicating a race (the turks) or aimed at carrying out a' b'one-sided feud, instead of being a struggle for liberation. from the outset,' b'the efforts of the armenian revolutionaries within the ottoman borders took' b'the form of terrorist and destructive actions aimed at mass murder, cruelty' b'and genocide, so that no other interpretation of them is possible. armenian' b'activities started during the reign of abdulhamid ii as individual acts of' b'terror, and then developed into assassinations and surprise attacks. the element' b'of brute force in these activities increased steadily, culminating in mass' b'rebellions and widespread fighting during the first world war. furthermore,' b'when the ottoman army withdrew from eastern anatolia after the sarikamis' b'defeat, armenian revolutionaries initiated a series of cruelties in this area.' b'although the russians occupied eastern anatolia as an enemy, nevertheless they' b'were constrained by the rules of war. however, when they returned to their' b'country in after the revolution, armenian revolutionaries were unchecked' b'in this area for about a year until the ottoman forces returned to erzurum' b'in during this period, armenian revolutionaries executed massacres on' b'the local people which is recorded in historical documents.[1]' b'' b'for example, let us look at a report dated march which the commander' b'of the third army submitted when he entered erzurum and erzincan:' b'' b'"they were completely and systematically destroyed and burned down' b'by armenians, even the trees were cut down, and they are like a' b'building entirely consumed by fire in every sense of the word."' b'' b'as for the people who had been living in erzurum and erzincan:' b'' b'"those who were capable of fighting were taken away at the very beginning' b'with the excuse of forced labor in road construction, they were taken' b'in the direction of sarikamis and annihilated. when the russian army' b'withdrew, a part of the remaining people was destroyed in armenian' b'massacres and cruelties: they were thrown into wells, they were locked' b'in houses and burned down, they were killed with bayonets and swords, in places' b'selected as butchering spots, their bellies were torn open, their lungs' b'were pulled out, and girls and women were hanged by their hair after' b'being subjected to every conceivable abominable act. a very small part' b'of the people who were spared these abominations far worse than the' b'cruelty of the inquisition resembled living dead and were suffering' b'from temporary insanity because of the dire poverty they had lived' b'in and because of the frightful experiences they had been subjected to.' b'including women and children, such persons discovered so far do not' b'exceed one thousand five hundred in erzincan and thirty thousand in' b'erzurum. all the fields in erzincan and erzurum are untilled, everything' b'that the people had has been taken away from them, and we found them' b'in a destitute situation. at the present time, the people are subsisting' b'on some food they obtained, impelled by starvation, from russian storages' b'left behind after their occupation of this area."[2]' b'' b'foreign observers who witnessed the events, including russian officers' b'who did not desert their lines, submitted detailed reports proving the' b'genocide to ottoman commanders who received them as prisoners of war.' b"what is most important is that they stated in their reports 'the" b"massacres did not happen by chance but were planned.'[3]" b'' b'at the end of the war, the german author dr. weiss, his austrian colleague' b'dr. stein and his turkish colleague mr. ahmet vefik visited trabzon, kars,' b'erzurum and batum between april 17th and may 20th to record the' b'cruelties. their writings not only show the scope of armenian activities,' b'but also reveal their goal and true nature.[4]' b'' b'[1] (the ottoman state, the ministry of war), "islam ahalinin ducar olduklari' b'mezalim hakkinda vesaike mustenid malumat," (istanbul, the french' b'version: "documents relatifs aux atrocites commises par les armeniens sur' b'la population musulmane," (istanbul, in the latin script: h. k.' b'turkozu, ed., "osmanli ve sovyet belgeleriyle ermeni mezalimi," (ankara,' b'1982). in addition: z. basar, ed., "ermenilerden gorduklerimiz," (ankara,' b'1974) and, edited by the same author, "ermeniler hakkinda makaleler b'derlemeler," (ankara, "askeri tarih belgeleri vol. b'(december document numbered b'[2] "askeri tarih belgeleri vol. (december document' b'numbered b"[3] from twerdo-khlebof's report dated april quoted in ermeniler b'vol. p. b'[4] a. r. (altinay), "iki komite iki kital," (istanbul, and, "kafkas' b'yollarinda hatiralar ve tahassusler" (istanbul, b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 