b'' b'| b'| b'| what are the borders the islamic world dreams about b'|' b'| the islamic world dreams of being the whole planet, but not by kicking' b'| the current inhabitant out, we rather deam of the day everybody converts.' b'| if jews had the same dream, i would not feel threatened a bit.' b'' b'contrary to what the "protocols of zion crowd" might suggest,' b'judaism does not have any such goals.' b'' b'| islamic readers, i am waiting to your honest answer.' b'|' b'| i want also a honest answer from zionists for the following questions:' b'|' b"| 1)why do jews who don't even believe in god (as is the case with many" b'| of the founders of secular zionism) have a right in palestine more' b'| than the inhabitants of palestine, just because god gave you the land?' b'' b'the question you ask is complicated and deserves an honest answer.' b'i am going to provide one from my own current perspective, not a historical' b'one. currently, as a non-observant jew/israeli/american, my own feeling' b'is that jews from the diaspora do not have a greater right in palestine or' b'israel, than the palestinians or israelis (both arab and jew) do.' b'with regard to jewish israelis, they should have the same rights' b'in israel as do all other israelis.' b'' b'| 2)why do most of them speak of the west bank as theirs while most of' b'| the inhabitants are not jews and do not want to be part of israel?' b'' b'who are them? if by them you mean the non-religious jews, i think' b'you should be aware by now that the majority of the settlers and their' b'supporters are religious. the other part of the problem is, to my' b"knowledge, not that the palestinians don't want to be a part of israel," b'as much as they would accept (for the most part) being full citizens' b'of israel, with all the priviliges and responsibilities accorded israeli' b'citizens. what they object to is the current limbo in which they find' b'themselves.' b'' b'' b'--' b'shai guday stealth bombers,' b'os software engineer b'thinking machines corp. |\tthe winged ninjas of the skies.' b'cambridge, ma 