b'' b'' b'' b'you know when israelis f16 (thanks to general dynamics) fly high in the sky' b'and bomb the hell out of some village in lebanon, where civilians including' b'babies and eldery getting killed, is that plain murder or what?' b'' b"if you arabs wouldn't position guerilla bases in refugee camps, artillery" b'batteries atop apartment buildings, and munitions dumps in hospitals, maybe' b"civilians wouldn't get killed. kinda like saddam hussein putting civilians" b'in a military bunker.' b'' b'ed.' b'' b'who is the you arabs here. since you are replying to my article you' b"are assuming that i am an arab. well, i'm not an arab, but i think you" b'are brain is full of shit if you really believe what you said. the' b'bombardment of civilian and none civilian areas in lebanon by israel is' b'very consistent with its policy of intimidation. that is the only' b'policy that has been practiced by the so called only democracy in' b'the middle east!' b'' b'what the hell do you know about israeli policy? what gives you the fiat' b"to look into the minds of israeli generals? has this 'policy of intimidation'" b'been published somewhere? for your information, the actions taken by arabs,' b'specifically the plo, were not uncommon in the lebanon campaign of my' b"brain is full of shit? at least i don't look into the minds of others and" b'make israeli policy for them!' b'' b'i was merley pointing out that the other side is also suffering.' b"like i said, i'm not an arab but if i was, say a lebanese, you bet" b'i would defende my homeland against any invader by any means.' b'' b"yeah, yeah, yeah. we all suffer. it's too bad that civilians get killed but" b'i will blame their arab leaders who put them in positions of danger before i' b'will blame the israelis. just like palestinians who send their children into' b'warzones to throw rocks at armed israeli soldiers. what irresponsible parents!' b'as golda meir said, peace will only come when the arabs start loving their' b'children more than they hate the jews.' b'' b'ed.' b'' 