b'' b'#' b'# b'# first, my above statement doesnot say that "the existence of israeli citizens' b'# in the wb revoke their right of life" but it says "the israeli occupation' b'# of the wb revoke the right of life for some/most its citizens basically' b'# revokes the right of for its military men". clearly, occupation is an' b'# undeclared war; during war, attacks against military targets are fully legitimate.' b'# b"# i'd like you to tell me, in your own words who the military are, wrt israel then." b'# in uniform, or not? on duty, or off-duty? soldier to be, or not?' b"# (that is, since it's compulsory one might regard any israeli as a" b'# legit target using that definition)' b'#' b'# in uniform or not doesnot make a difference if the person is in army.' b'# on duty, or off-duty? doesnot matter if the army man was on duty or on a' b'# vacation week.' b'# soldier to be, or not? sure i meant only military men.' b'' b'just trying to get this clear, so please bear with me. as far as' b"i can tell, you're proposing the following rules of engagement" b'between israel and the palestinean resistance. please feel' b'revise this preliminary draft as necessary:' b'' b'1) israeli military personnel are fair game at any time, in uniform' b'or out, on duty or off. in practice, since any male or female' b'israeli of military age may be off-duty military, all but' b'young children are acceptable targets. since the existence of' b'israel constitutes indication of hostile intent, no further' b'provocation is required.' b'' b'2) to avoid inpermissable violations of the rights of non-combatant' b'palestineans, israeli forces must not engage palestineans' b'without positive identification as military personnel, clear' b'indication of aggressive intent, and a clear field of fire.' b'' b'a) positive identification may be assured by either checking for' b'palestinean military uniform, by posession of exclusively' b'military armament (ie, t78 mbts or mig-29 aircraft), or' b'self-identification (either verbal or documentary). note' b'that dual-use military/civilian weaponry such as hand grenades,' b'ak-47 rifles, and rpg launchers do not constitute positive' b'military identification and require closer inspection such' b'as document checks.' b'' b"b) aggressive intent (as distinct from merely 'hostile' intent," b'which is the normal condition) may be assured by not less' b'than three rounds of incoming fire separated by intervals' b'of not less than ten seconds between rounds. note that a' b'single burst of automatic-weapon fire counds as one round,' b'as does a volley of rocket fire from more than one source.' b'as noted above, dual-use weaponry may not be assumed to' b'originate from military personnel, and thus do not justify' b'armed response.' b'' b'c) a clear field of fire can be guaranteed by making a positive' b'military identification of all personnel in the target area of' b'the weapons to be used. note that aggressive intent need not' b'be proven for all possible targets. thus, if iaf aircraft' b'are attacked by a sam crew it is not necessary to check the' b'papers of each crew member so long as none are obviously' b'civilians (as indicated, for instance, by the posession of' b'uniquely civilian weaponry such as stones, axes, and molotov' b'coctails.) since it is often difficult for iaf elements to' b'land and make the necessary checks, ground forces should' b'first screen prospective strike areas before agm fire.' b'for acm purposes, a cockpit-to-cockpit pass within meters' b'is usually sufficient for this purpose, but may be repeated' b'if necessary.' b'' b'--- d. c. sessions speaking for myself b'--- author (and everything else!) of tmail (dos mail/news shell) 