b'' b'' b' mr. tamamidis:' b'' b'before repling your claims, i suggest you be kind to individuals' b'who are trying to make some points abouts human rights, discriminations,' b'and unequal treatment of turkish minority in greece.i want the world' b'know how bad you treat these people. you will deny anything i say but' b'it does not make any difrence because i will write things that i saw with' b'my eyes.you prove yourself prejudice by saying free insurance, school' b'etc. do you greeks only give these things to turkish minority or' b'everybody has rights to get them.your words even discriminate' b'these people. you think that you are giving big favor to these' b'people by giving these thing that in reality they get nothing.' b'' b'no. i do not thing we are doing them a favor. i have simply stated that' b'they are not treated as a second class citizens. that was my point.' b'i fail to see how my words show discrimination. and what do you mean that' b'they do not get nothing? is, for example, helth insurance, food, and tuition' b'nothing?' b'' b'if you do not know unhuman practices that are being conducted' b'by the government of the greece, i suggest that you investigate' b'to see the facts. then, we can discuss about the most basic' b'human rights like fredom of religion, fredom of press of turkish' b'minority, ethnic cleansing of all turks in greece,fredom of' b'right to have property without government intervention,' b'fredom of right to vote to choose your community leaders,' b'how greek government encourages people to destroy' b'religious places, houses, farms, schools for turkish minority then' b'forcing them to go to turkey without anything with them.' b'' b"i'm sorry, but i cannot see any logical order in the above argument." b'' b'before i conclude my writing, let me point out how greeks are' b'treated in turkey. we do not consider them greek minority, instead' b'we consider a part of our society.' b'' b'what part exactly is this one? the people cannot even sell their property' b'if they want to leave turkey. the patriarch could not get a permision to' b'renovate some buildings for decades; it needed a special agreement between' b'the two goverments for this. talk about a part of the society? why has the' b'size of the greek community reduced to old people and priests then?' b'' b'there is no difference among people in turkey.' b'' b'yeah, you bet.' b'' b'all big businesses' b'belong to greeks in turkey and we are proud to have them.unlike the' b'greece which tries to destroy turkish minority, we encourage all' b'minorities in turkey to be a part of turkish society.' b'' b'you are far off from the reality.' b'' b'aykut atalay atakan' b'' b'panos tamamidis' 