b'' b'there have been a number of articles on the pbs frontline program' b'about iranian bomb. here is my on this and related subjects.' b'' b'one is curious to know the real reasons behind this and related' b'public relations campaign about iran in recent months. these include:' b'' b'1) attempts to implicate iran in the bombing of the new york trade' b'center. despite great efforts in this direction they have not' b'succeeded in this. they, however, have indirectly created' b'the impression that iran is behind the rise of fundamentalist' b'islamic movements and thus are indirectly implicated in this matter.' b'' b'2) public statements by the secretary of state christoffer and' b'other official sources regarding iran being a terrorist and' b'outlaw state.' b'' b'3) and finally the recent broadcast of the frontline program. i' b'suspect that this pr campaign against iran will continue and' b'perhaps intensify.' b'' b'why this increased pressure on iran? a number of factors may have' b'been behind this. these include:' b'' b'1) the rise of islamic movements in north-africa and radical' b'hamas movement in the israeli occupied territories. this' b'movement is basically anti-western and is not necessarily' b'fueled by iran. the cause for accelerated pace of this' b'movement is probably the gulf war which sought to return' b'colonial shieks and amirs to their throne in the name of' b'democracy and freedom. also, the obvious support of algerian' b'military coup against the democratically elected algerian' b'islamic front which clearly exposed the democracy myth.' b'a further cause of this may be the daily broadcast of the news' b'on the slaughter of bosnian moslems.' b'' b'2) possible future implications of this movement in saudi arabia' b'and other us client states and endangerment of the cheap oil' b'sources from this region.' b'' b'3) a need to create an enemy as an excuse for huge defense' b'expenditures. this has become necessary after the demise of' b'soveit union.' b'' b'the recent pr campaign against iran, however, seems to be directed' b'from israel rather than washington. there is no fundamental conflict' b'of interest between iran and the us and in my opinion, it is in the' b'interest of both countries to affect reestablishment of normal' b'and friendly relations. this may have a moderating effect on the' b'rise of radical movements within the islamic world and iran b'' b'--jamshid' 