b'' b'' b"the 'center for policy research' writes..." b'' b' from the israeli press' b'' b'hadashot, march b'' b'the israeli police department announced on the evening of friday,' b'march that it is calling upon [jewish] israeli citizens with' b'gun permits to carry them at all times "so as to contribute to' b'their security and that of their surroundings".' b'' b'considering all the murders of innocent israelis at the hands' b'of arab death merchants, i see nothing wrong with the advice.' b'' b"ha'aretz, march b'' b'yehoshua matza (likud), chair of the knesset interior committee,' b'stated that he intends to demand that the police department make' b'it clear to the public that anyone who wounds or kills' b'[non-jewish] terrorists will not be put on trial.' b'' b"as usual, the bias of the 'center for policy research' echoes" b'through this newsgroup. here we have an enraged likudnik who' b'is venting his spleen, and you portray it as if this is going' b"to become policy. you don't say what the response to matza's" b'suggestion was. do do not mention whether he was refering to' b'terrorists caught in the act, which could be a clear cut case' b'of self-defence. would you care to elaborate on this, or was' b"this all you wanted to say on the matter. why don't you give" b"up this 'center for policy research' crap, and just post your" b'biases without trying to legitimize them with a pompous name?' b'' b"ha'aretz, march1993:" b'' b'today a private security firm and units from the idf southern' b'command will begin installation of four magnetic gates in the gaza' b'strip, as an additional stage in the upgrading of security' b'measures in the strip.' b'' b'the gates will aid in the searching of [non-jewish] gaza residents' b'as they leave for work in israel. they can be used to reveal the' b'presence of knives, axes, weapons and other sharp objects.' b'' b'in addition to the gates, which will be operated by a private' b'civilian company, large quantities of magnetic-card reading' b'devices are being brought to the inspection points, to facilitate' b'the reading of the magnetic cards these [non-jewish] workers must' b'carry.' b'' b'a laudable precaution.' b'' b'every single thing you post about israel is posted to portray' b'israel as negatively as you can. deliberate omissions are an' b"integral part of the shtick. and it's not only the incidents" b'that you do not mention, but even the stories you do post are' b'fraught with omissions, which change the entire meaning. the' b'absurdity of your respectable name cannot hide your bias.' b'' b'in your effort to portray israel in an unfavorable light, you' b'have accomplished nothing, except to prove that a respectable' b'sounding label like the center for policy research is nothing' b'but a smoke screen for someone with a heavily biased attitude' b'against israel and the need to vent it. you' b'' b"this 'center for policy research' stuff is nonsense." b'' 