b'' b'' b' maybe with the availability of anon servers some people are beginning to' b'speak out?' b'' b'i sure hope so. because, the unspeakable crimes of the armenians must' b'be righted. armenian invaders burned and sacked the fatherland of' b'urartus, massacred and exterminated its population and presented to' b'the world all those left from the urartus, as the armenian civilization.' b'' b'all reliable western historians describe how armenians ruthlessly' b'exterminated million muslim women, children and elderly people of' b'eastern anatolia and how they collaborated with the enemies of the' b'ottoman empire between b'' b'it is unfortunately a truth that armenians are known as collaborators' b'of the nazis during world war ii and that, even today, criminal/nazi' b'members of the asala/sdpa/arf terrorism triangle preach and instigate' b'racism, hatred, violence and terrorism among peoples.' b'' b'and x-soviet armenia continues its anti-turkish policy in the following' b'ways:' b'' b'1. x-soviet armenia denies the historical fact of the turkish genocide' b'in order to shift international public opinion away from its political' b'responsibility.' b'' b'2. x-soviet armenia, employing asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism' b'triangle and criminal/nazi armenians, attempts to call into question the' b'veracity of the turkish genocide.' b'' b'3. x-soviet armenia has also implemented state-sponsored terrorism through' b'the asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism triangle in an attempt to' b"silence the turkish people's vehement demands and protests." b'' b'4. using all its human, financial, and governmental resources, x-soviet' b'armenia and its tools in the united states attempt to silence through' b'terrorism, bribery and other subversive methods, non-turkish supporters' b'of the turkish cause, be they political, governmental and humanitarian.' b'' b'using all the aforementioned methods, the x-soviet armenian government' b'is attempting to neutralize the international diplomatic community from' b'making the turkish case a contemporary issue.' b'' b'yet despite the efforts of the x-soviet armenian government and its terrorist' b'and revisionist organizations, in the last decades, thanks to the struggle' b'of those whose closest ones were systematically exterminated by the armenians,' b'the international wall of silence on this issue has begun to collapse, and' b'consequently a number of governments and organizations have become' b'supportive of the recognition of the turkish genocide.' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 