b'' b'' b'' b' "from israeli press. torture." b' from the israeli press.' b'' b" newspaper: ma'ariv date: december author: avi raz" b'' b'' b'' b'sigh.' b'' b'farwell la, donchin e. the truth will out: interrogative polygraphy ("lie' b'detection") with event-related brain potentials. psychophysiology' b'1991;28:531-547' b'' b'"the research reported here was supported in part by contract number 87f350800' b'with the central intelligence agency. preliminary reports were presented at the' b'1986, and meetings of the society for psychophysiological research".' b'' b'donchin happens to be an israeli.' b'' b'do you really think that israel needs something as primitive as torture when it' b'has this as well as something brought over by a russian mathematician from the' b'lenningrad military hospital in (factor-analysis of multiple unit' b'activity of the brain) surely you jest.' b'' b"when israel sics trained dogs on arab prisoners the way it's commonly done on" b'prison farms in mississippi or alabama, *then* you have a right to protest' b'against torture. when israeli security personnel beat arab prisoners the way' b'chicago police do, *then* you have a right to complain. since it does not' b'practice physical torture in any way, kindly refrain from using this word.' b'' b'josh' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b' title of article: moderate physical pressure' b'' b' several times in the course of the long hours in the interrogation' b' room in tulkarm prison, during which he says he was humiliated,' b' beaten and tortured, omar daoud jaber heard his interrogator, a' b" shabak agent 'captain louis', chatting on the phone with his wife." b' "at those moments", omar said, "i felt that he was like a' b' humanbeing, but right after he finished talking, he would be beat' b" me and say, 'you listened to the conversation and enjoyed" b' yourself\' and i understood that he was not really a human being".' b'' b' in late october after days in detention at tulkarm' b' prison, omar jaber was released without charges. "among the jews,' b' as among the arabs, there are good people and bad people", he said' b' after his release, "but there, in tulkarm, in the interrogations' b' rooms, you cannot find even one person about whom you can say that' b' he is a human being". although he left the detention installation' b' in tulkarm bruised and humiliated ("i sat at home for ten days. my' b' hands shook from nerves"), one may consider omar jaber lucky: he' b' got out, not so healthy, but entire, and even ultimately returned' b' to normal functioning, at the small solar heater plant he owns.' b'' b' in contrast, hassan bader al-zbeidi, for example, was released' b' seven weeks ago from detention in tulkarm after days in the' b" shabak wing, cut off from his surroundings. he doesn't speak or" b' react. mustafa barakat, aged only who was arrested in early' b' august and was brought to the tulkarm detention installation, left' b' it one day later dead. "we have recently received an especially' b' large number of testimonies concerning cruel tortures employed at' b' the tulkarm detention installation by shabak interrogators", noted' b' dr. niv gordon, director of the association of israel and' b' palestinian physicians for human rights. b'' b' the right to complain against the shabak does not excite anan' b' saber makhlouf, a year old student. in fact, he was extremely' b' fearful about describing the manner in which he was interrogated' b' in tulkarm prison, in case the publication in the paper would' b' return him to detention and lead to renewed mistreatment.' b'' b' (...follow description of tortures....)' b'' b' omar, a tall bearded man, was silent. "i do not want to talk about' b' it", he finally said, quietly. some time later, embarrased and' b' ashamed, he spoke: "sometimes he beats you and beats you until' b" you'll kiss his hand, and not only his hand. even the hands of" b' another interrogator, and another, whom he calls into the room,' b' and the last interrogator says:" now you are kissing my hand, and' b' later if i want, you will kiss my ass."' b'' b' these things take place in an israeli army detention installation,' b' located within the military government compound in tulkarm (west' b' bank). but the shabak interrogation wing is a separate kingdom. in' b" early march the idf allowed representatives of b'tselem, the" b' israeli information center for human rights in the territories, to' b' visit tulkarm prison, but denied them access to the interrogation' b' wing. "the interrogation wing is shabak property, being solely' b' under shabak responsibility. all interrogations are performed by' b' it", said lieutnant sharon sho\'an, the commander of the' b" installation, according to the internal report written by b'tselem" b" member, yuval ginbar, following the visit. major david pe'er," b' governing commander of the prison system in the central command,' b' was quoted in the report: "there is an ethical problem here no' b' one can enter the interrogation wing".' b'' b' transl. by i. shahak' b'' 