b'' b'' b"hmm. maybe i'll go rent midnight express tonight. i haven't seen that" b'scene in awhile; i have to savor the moment all over again.' b'' b'well, does it change the fact that during the period of to b'the fascist x-soviet armenian government ordered, incited, assisted' b'and participated in the genocide of million muslim people because' b'of race, religion and national origin?' b'' b'as in the past in turkiye, and today in azerbaijan, for utopic and' b'idiotic causes the armenians brought havoc to their neighbors. a' b'short-sighted and misplaced nationalistic fervor with a wrong agenda' b'and anachronistic methods the armenians continue to become pernicious' b'for the region. as usual, they will be treated accordingly by their' b'neighbors. nagorno-karabag is a mountainous enclave that lies completely' b'within azerbaijan with no border or history whatsoever connected to' b'x-soviet armenia. besides the geographical aspect, nagorno-karabag is' b"the historic homeland and the 'cradle' of the artistic and literary" b'heritage of azerbaijan, which renders the armenian claims preposterous,' b'even lunatic.' b'' b'and we still demand:' b'' b'1. that the x-soviet armenian government, as the heirs of the armenian' b'dictatorship, recognize the turkish genocide;' b'' b'2. that x-soviet armenia return the historic homeland to the turkish and' b'kurdish people;' b'' b'3. that the x-soviet armenian government make material reparations for their' b'heinous and unspeakable crime to the victims of the turkish genocide;' b'' b'4. that all world governments officially recognize the turkish genocide' b'and turkish territorial rights and refuse to succumb to all armenian' b'political pressure.' b'' b'the awareness of the turkish people of the necessity of solidarity in the' b'efforts to pursue the turkish cause is seen by the victims of the first' b'genocide of the 20th century as a positive step.' b'' b'now what would you do?' b'' b"source: 'the sunday times,' march (a british weekly, written by" b'thomas goltz, from agdam, azerbaijan.)' b'' b'armenian soldiers massacre hundreds of fleeing families.' b'' b'the spiralling violence gripping the outer republics of the former' b'soviet union gained new impetus yesterday with cold-blooded slaughter of' b'hundreds of women and children in war-racked nagorno-karabakh.' b'survivors reported that armenian soldiers shot and bayoneted more' b'than azeris, many of them women and children, who were fleeing an' b'attack on their town. hundreds, possibly thousands, were missing and' b'feared dead.' b'the attackers killed most of the soldiers and volunteers defending' b'the women and children. they then turned their guns on the terrified' b'refugees. the few survivors later described what happened:" that\'s when' b'the real slaughter began," said azer hajiev, one of three soldiers to' b'survive. "the armenians just shot and shot. and then they came in and' b'started carving up people with their bayonets and knives."' b'" they were shooting, shooting, shooting", echoed rasia aslanova, who' b'arrived in agdam with other women and children who made their way through' b'armenian lines. she said her husband, kayun, and a son-in-law were killed' b'in front of her. her daughter was still missing.' b'one boy who arrived in agdam had an ear sliced off.' b'' b'the survivors said others, some of whom had fled separately,' b'were still missing in the gruelling terrain; many could perish from their' b'wounds or the cold.' b'by late yesterday, deaths had been registered at the morgue in' b"agdam's morgue, and bodies had been buried in the cemetery. of the" b'seven corpses i saw awaiting burial, two were children and three were' b'women, one shot through the chest at point blank range.' b'agdam hospital was a scene of carnage and terror. doctors said they' b'had patients who escaped slaughter, most with bullet injuries or deep' b'stab wounds.' b'nor were they safe in agdam. on friday night rockets fell on the city' b'which has a population of destroying several buildings and' b'killing one person.' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 