b'' b'' b'i want this discussion to take place in english, because it is only after' b'' b"let's face it, if the words don't get into your noggin in the first place," b"there's no hope. now tell us, 'sdpa.org', a mouthpiece of the fascist x-soviet" b'armenian government: what was your role in the murder of orhan gunduz and' b"kemal arikan? how many more muslims will be slaughtered by 'sdpa.org' as" b'publicly declared and filed with the legal authorities?' b'' b'' b'"...that more people have to die..."' b'' b'' b'"yes, i stated this and stand by it."' b'' b'' b'' b'january los angeles' b'kemal arikan is slaughtered by two armenians while driving to work.' b'' b'march cambridge, massachusetts' b'prelude to grisly murder. a gift and import shop belonging to' b'orhan gunduz is blown up. gunduz receives an ultimatum: either' b'he gives up his honorary position or he will be "executed". he' b'refuses. "responsibility" is claimed by jcag and sdpa.' b'' b'may cambridge, massachusetts' b'orhan gunduz, the turkish honorary consul in boston, would not bow' b'to the armenian terrorist ultimatum that he give up his title of' b'"honorary consul". now he is attacked and murdered in cold blood.' b'president reagan orders an all-out manhunt-to no avail. an eye-' b'witness who gave a description of the murderer is shot down. he' b'survives... but falls silent. one of the most revolting "triumphs" in' b'the senseless, mindless history of armenian terrorism. such a murder' b'brings absolutely nothing except an ego boost for the murderer' b'within the armenian terrorist underworld, which is already wallowing' b'in self-satisfaction.' b'' b'were you involved in the murder of sarik ariyak?' b'' b'december sydney' b'two nazi armenians massacre sarik ariyak and his bodyguard, engin' b'sever. jcag and sdpa claim responsibility.' b'' b'' b'source: edward k. boghosian, "radical group hosts well-attended solidarity' b'meeting," the armenian reporter, may pp. b'' b'athens, greece an array of representatives of greek political parties,' b'including the ruling pasok party, and a host of political groups, both' b'armenian and non-armenian, joined to voice their solidarity with the' b'armenian people in their pursuit of their cause and activities of a new' b'armenian political force were voiced here on sunday, april during' b'the 2nd international meeting of solidarity with the armenian people. and' b'judging from encouraging messages offered by the representatives of these' b'political groups and organizations, at least here in greece, the armenian' b'cause enjoys abundant support from a wide spectrum of the political world.' b'' b'the international meeting of solidarity was sponsored by the greek branch of' b'the armenian popular movement, a comparatively new political force headed' b'by younger generations of armenians, who openly profess their support of the' b'armed struggle and of the armenian secret army for the liberation of armenia' b'(asala). the organization has branches in various european and middle eastern' b'countries and the united states although some of these branches appear to' b'have gone through a switch of loyalties because of the split within the ranks' b'of asala...' b'' b'voicing the support of pasok, the ruling party in greece, to the armenian' b'people, was mr. charalambidi michalis, a member of the central committee of' b"the party and the greek member of the permanent people's tribunal..." b'explaining the goals and aspirations of the armenian popular movement' b'was ara sarkisian. significant was the address delivered by mr. bassam' b"abu-salim, on behalf of the popular front for the movement's continued" b"support of the armenians' armed struggle in their pursuit of their cause," b'pledging that palestinian operated and run training camps would always be' b'open to armenian youth who need training for such a struggle. later, mr.' b'abu-salim, answering a question put to him by this writer, affirmed that' b'his organization had always trained armenian members of asala and that' b'this policy will continue. "the doors of our camps are always open to' b'armenian freedom fighters," he affirmed.' b'' b'among the prominent greek politicians who attended the conference was the son' b'of prime minister papandreou, who himself holds a post in the greek cabinet;' b'two members of the cypriot parliament who had journeyed to athens for the' b'specific purpose of attending the international gathering; representatives of' b'the christian democratic party, edik center party, two wings of the communist' b'party, representatives of an assortment of labor unions and trade associations,' b'a number of mayors of greek towns and cities; two greek members of the' b'european parliament and other members of the greek parliament were also among' b'those who participated in the international conference. also on hand to follow' b'the deliberations was the ambassador of bulgaria in athens.' b'' b'more than significant was the large number of messages received by the' b'organizers, including the following: palestinian national revolutionary' b'movement, fatah; popular front for the liberation of palestine-general' b'command; the central committee of the palestinian national liberation' b'movement-fatah; the socialist progressive party of lebanon; arab socialist' b'labor party; the kurdistan democratic union of iraq; and numerous other' b'international groups, all noted for their radical stand in the israeli-' b'palestinian conflict.' b'' b'support from arf-rm' b'' b'among messages received from armenian groups was the armenian revolutionary' b'federation-revolutionary movement, the group that has claimed the abduction' b'and assassination of key party leaders in lebanon accused of selling out to' b'foreign interests and powers. the message clearly gave its support to the' b'armenian popular movement pledging that the revolutionary movement will' b'continue to "reveal the realities, no matter how bitter or tragic they are,"' b'to expose the anti-armenian activities of the leaders of the dashnag "bureau."' b'the message was taken as an indication of the link, loose as it may be, that' b'exists between the dissident dashnag group and the armenian popular movement,' b'open supporters of asala and armed struggle.' b'' b'the armenian popular movement has set up its headquarters in a suburb of the' b'greek capital, known as neos kosmos, where there is a large armenian presence.' b'the headquarters are located in a two-story building, which appears to have' b'turned into a beehive of activity on the part of scores of armenian youth, who' b'prefer to give their first names only when invited to introduce themselves...' b'' b'now any comment?' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'[(*] source: "adventures in the near east, by a. rawlinson,' b'[(*] jonathan cape, bedford square, london, (first published b'[(*] pages).' b'' b'[dd] such a pile of garbage! first off, the above reference was first published' b'[dd] in not and has pages not second, upon checking page' b'[dd] we are asked to believe:' b'' b'[vd] no, mr.davidian b'' b'[vd] it was first published in (i have the book on my desk,now!)' b'[vd] b'' b'[vd] and furthermore,the book i have does not have pages either, as you' b'[vd] claimed, mr.davidian..it has pages..any question?..' b'' b'well, it seems your book has its total page numbers closer to mine than the' b'ncrap posted by mr. b'' b'o boy!' b'' b'please, can you tell us why those quotes are "crap"?..because you do not' b'like them!!!...because they really exist...why?' b'' b'as i said in my previous posting, those quotes exactly exist in the source' b'given by serdar argic b'' b"you couldn't reject it..." b'' b'' b"in addition, the author's preface was written on january but the book" b'was published in b'' b'here we go again..' b"in the book i have, both the front page and the author's preface give" b'the same year: and january, respectively!' b'(anyone can check it at her/his library,if not, i can send you the copies of' b'pages, please ask by sct)' b'' b'' b"i really don't care what year it was first published(1923 or b'what i care about is what the book writes about murders, tortures,et..in' b'the given quotes by serdar argic, and your denial of these quotes..and your' b'groundless accussations, etc.' b'' b'' b'[...]' b'' b'[dd] i can provide .gif postings if required to verify my claim!' b'' b'[vd] what is new?' b'' b'i will post a .gif file, but i am not going go through the effort to show there' b'is some turkish modified re-publication of the book, like last time!' b'' b'' b'i claim i have a book in my hand published in 1923(first publication)' b'and it exactly has the same quoted info as the book published' b"in 1934(serdar argic's reference) has..you couldn't reject it..but, now you" b'are avoiding the real issues by twisting around..' b'' b"let's see how you lie!..(from 'non-existing' quotes to re-publication)" b'' b'first you said there was no such a quote in the given reference..you' b'called serdar argic a liar!..' b'i said to you, no, mr.davidian, there exactly existed such a quote...' b"(i even gave the call number, page numbers..you could't reject it.)" b'' b'and now, you are lying again and talking about "modified,re-published book"' b'(without any proof :how, when, where, by whom, etc..)..' b'(by the way, how is it possible to re-publish the book in if it was' b"first published in 1924(your claim).i am sure that you have some 'pretty" b"well suited theories', as usual)" b'' b'and i am ready to send the copies of the necessary pages to anybody who' b"wants to compare the fact and mr.davidian's lies...i also give the call number" b'and page numbers again for the library use, which are:' b'949.6 r b'' b'and the page numbers to verify the quotes:218 and b'' b'' b'' b'' b"it is not possible that [(*]'s text has pages, mine has and yours has" b'377!' b'' b'now, are you claiming that there can\'t be such a reference by saying "it is' b'not possible..." ..if not, what is your point?' b'' b'differences in the number of pages?' b"mine was published in 1923..serdar argic's was in b'no need to use the same book size and the same letter' b'charachter in both publications,etc, etc.. does it give you an idea!!' b'' b'the issue was not the number of pages the book has..or the year' b'first published..' b'and you tried to hide the whole point..' b'the point is that both books have the exactly the same quotes about' b'how moslems are killed, tortured,etc by armenians..and those quotes given' b'by serdar argic exist!!' b"it was the issue, wasn't-it?" b'' b'you were not able to object it...does it bother you anyway?' b'' b'you name all these tortures and murders (by armenians) as a "crap"..' b'people who think like you are among the main reasons why the world still' b'has so many "craps" in the b'' b'any question?' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 