b'' b'' b' azeri president abulfaz elchibey said azerbaijan had recovered' b'the bodies of some "terrorists including blacks, mongols and' b'fighters recently brought to (the armenian capital) yerevan from lebanon."' b'' b'you can dream whatever you wish. we have demands from the armenians.' b'with the government of x-soviet armenia, we would sit down, go over' b"all our outstanding issues, whether it's land or reparations or" b"recognition, whatever it is. we'd like to sit down and ask for it." b'by all means, lands and properties were taken away from us and they' b'should be returned to the rightful owners, the turkish and kurdish' b'people, who were there years, long before the armenians ever' b'showed up in that area. entire population of the region was subjected' b'to genocide beyond belief; genocide which was planned to exterminate' b'the whole turkish people of the region to the last man, woman and child.' b'armenians tortured and massacred millions of defenseless civilians. to' b'assemble innocent civilians in the mosques and burn them in the buildings' b'was one of their methods. even today the traveler in that region is seldom' b'free from the evidence of these armenian crimes.' b'' b'if you have the stomach, i would strongly recommend the following' b'references on the armenian genocide of the muslims. many more of them' b"are also available in the 'erzurum and van turkish genocide museums.'" b'' b'1. neside kerem demir, "bir sehid anasina tarihin soyledikleri:' b'turkiye\'nin ermeni meselesi," hulbe basim ve yayin t.a.s.,' b'ankara, b'' b'2. veysel eroglu, "ermeni mezalimi," sebil yayinevi, istanbul, b'' b'3. a. alper gazigiray, "osmanlilardan gunumuze kadar vesikalarla ermeni' b'teroru\'nun kaynaklari," gozen kitabevi, istanbul, b'' b'4. dr. kirzioglu m. fahrettin, "kars ili ve cevresinde ermeni mezalimi,"' b'kardes matbaasi, ankara, b'' b'but more than that.' b'' b'a final goodbye in azerbaijan:' b'' b'[photo by associated press]: "at a cemetery in agdam, azerbaijan, family' b'members and friends grieved during the burial of victims killed in the' b'fighting in nagorno-karabagh. chingiz iskandarov, right, hugged the' b'coffin containing the remains of his brother, one of the victims. a copy' b'of koran lay atop the coffin."' b'the new york times, b'' b'final embrace b'' b'[photo by associated press]: "chingiz iskenderov, right, weeps over' b'coffin holding the remains of his brother as other relatives grieve' b'at an azarbaijani cemetery yesterday amid burial of victims killed' b'in fighting in nagorno-karabagh."' b'the washington post, b'' b'nagorno-karabagh victims buried in azerbaijani town b'' b'"refugees claim hundreds died in armenian attack...of seven bodies seen' b'here today, two were children and three were women, one shot through' b'the chest at what appeared to be close range. another refugees' b"being treated at agdam's hospital include many with multiple stab" b'wounds."' b'thomas goltz' b'the washington post, b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 