b'' b'' b' "turkey must bare its teeth to armenia."' b'' b"sooner than you expect. remember 'cyprus'?" b'' b' i have to say i vehemently disagree with you, i have seen' b'' b'too bad. in fact, by nazi armenians in europe had established' b'a vast network of pro-german collaborators, that extended over two' b'continents. thousands of armenians were serving the german army and' b'waffen-ss in russia and western europe. armenians were involved in' b'espionage and fifth-column activities for hitler in the balkans and' b"arabian peninsula. they were promised an 'independent' state under" b"german 'protection' in an agreement signed by the 'armenian national" b"council.' (a copy of this agreement can be found in the 'congressional" b"record,' november see document on this side of the atlantic," b'nazi armenians were aware of their brethrens alliance. they had often' b'expressed pro-nazi sentiments until america entered the war. in summary,' b'during world war ii armenians were carried away with the german might and' b'cringing and fawning over the nazis. in that zeal, the armenian publication' b'in germany, hairenik, carried statements as follows:[1]' b'' b'"sometimes it is difficult to eradicate these poisonous elements (the jews)' b'when they have struck deep root like a chronic disease, and when it' b'becomes necessary for a people (the nazis) to eradicate them in an uncommon' b'method, these attempts are regarded as revolutionary. during the surgical' b'operation, the flow of blood is a natural thing."' b'' b'now for a brief view of the armenian genocide of the muslims and jews b'extracts from a letter dated december published in the san' b'francisco chronicle, as an answer to a letter that had been published' b'in the same journal under the signature of one b. amarian.' b'' b'"...we have first hand information and evidence of armenian atrocities' b'against our people (jews)...members of our family witnessed the' b'murder of members of our family near erzurum, turkey, by armenian' b'neighbors, bent on destroying anything and anybody remotely jewish' b'and/or muslim. armenians should look to their own history and see' b'the havoc they and their ancestors perpetrated upon their neighbors...' b'armenians were in league with hitler in the last war, on his premise' b'to grant them self government if, in return, the armenians would' b'help exterminate jews...armenians were also hearty proponents of' b'the anti-semitic acts in league with the russian communists. mr. amarian!' b'i don\'t need your bias."' b'' b'signed elihu ben levi, vacaville, california.' b'' b"[1] james g. mandalian, 'dro, drastamat kanayan,' in the 'armenian" b"review,' a quarterly by the hairenik association, inc., summer:" b'june vol. x, no. b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 