b'' b'' b'tamamidis writes:' b'' b' (i have nothing against greeks but my problem is with fanatics. i have met' b" so many greeks who wouldn't even talk to me because i am turkish. from my" b' experience, all my friends always were open to greeks)' b'' b' well, the history, wars, current situations, all of them do not help.' b'' b'well, panos, mr. tamamidis?, the way you put it it is only the turks' b'who bear the responsibility of the things happening today. that is hard to' b'believe for somebody trying to be objective.' b'' b'well, if you put things into historical perspective, the turks' b'moved into an area, which was inhabited by greeks. this is how the history' b'between the two nations started some centuries ago. since then, it has been' b"a continuous battle between the two nations. from my perspective i can't see" b'why i should say that greeks have been responsible for what has happened' b'between the two nations. of course, it would not be reasonable to argue that' b"the hostility should drag till we kick the turks out of this area. this isn't" b'going to happen, so the best would be to improve the relations between the two' b"countries. a golden oportunity exists with cyprus. if things can't work" b"there, there isn't any possible way that could work between our nations." b'' b'when it comes to conflicts like our countries having you cannot' b'blame one side only, there always are bad guys on both sides.' b'what were you doing on anatolia after the ww1 anyway?' b'do you think it was your right to be there?' b'' b'i always avoid to discuss such things. i consider it a waist of my time.' b'besides, as i said, i do not want to open a new flame.' b'' b'i am not saying that conflicts started with that. it is only' b'not one side being the aggressive and the ither always suffering.' b'it is sad that we (both) still are not trying to compromise.' b'i remember the action of the turkish government by removing the' b'visa requirement for greeks to come to turkey. i thought it' b'was a positive attempt to make the relations better.' b'' b'i thought it was a smart move to receive more money from greek tourists.' b'i bet that this week there should be about tourists from greece' b'in turkey. each one will leave at least so go and figure what this' b'means to your economy. if you had kept the visa requirement, how many' b'greeks would bother to visit turkey?' b'' b"the greeks i mentioned who wouldn't talk to me are educated" b'people. they have never met me but they know! i am bad person' b'because i am from turkey. politics is not my business, and it is' b'not the business of most of the turks. when it comes to individuals' b'why the hatred?' b'' b'come on. do not extrapolate from your limited personal experience. you err' b"if you think you'd get a reasonable conclusion." b'' b'tankut atan' b'' b'panos tamamidis' 