b'' b'' b"i will try to answer some of dorin's questions, even though they were" b'not addressed to me specifically, but i feel that i am a bit concerned' b'by the thread since i am a southern lebanese from a village that is' b"often on the receiving end of israel's bombs." b'in the first place the death of three soldiers on a patrol in occupied' b'lebanese terrritory is not an act of terrorism or murder. it is' b'disingeneous to compare their death to that of athletes in munich' b'or any other act of terrorism or mrder. this exercise is aimed' b'solely at diverting the issue and is far from the truth.' b'it seems to me, dorin, that, you are so remote and ignorant of the problem' b'on the ground that your comments can only be charactrized as irrelevant,' b'and heavily colored by the preconceptions and misinformation.' b'i will try to paint the most accurate picture i can of' b'what the situation really is in south lebanon.' b'' b'' b'| is there any israeli a civilian, in your opinion b'|' b'| now, i do not condone myself bombing villages, any kind of villages.' b'| but you claim these are villages with civilians, and iraelis claim they are' b'| camps filled with terrorists. you claim that israelis shell the villages with the' b"| 'hope' of finding a terrorist or so. if they kill one, fine, if not, too bad," b'| civilians die, right i am not so sure.' b'' b'i am. i was back in my home village this last summer. for your information' b'we are people, not a bunch of indiscriminate terrorists. most of the' b'people in my village are regular inhabitants that go about their daily' b'business, some work in the fields, some own small shops, others are' b'older men that go to the coffe shop and drink coffee. is that so hard to' b'imagine it is not a "terrorist camp" as you and the israelis like' b'to view the villages they are small communities with kids playing soccer' b'in the streets, women preparing lunch, men playing cards, etc.....' b'some young men, usually aged between to years are members of' b'the lebanese resistance. even the inhabitants of the village do not' b'know who these are, they are secretive about it, but most people often' b'suspect who they are and what they are up to. these young men are' b'supported financially by iran most of the time. they sneak arms and' b'ammunitions into the occupied zone where they set up booby traps' b'for israeli patrols. every time an israeli soldier is killed or injured' b'by these traps, israel retalliates by indiscriminately bombing villages' b'of their own choosing often killing only innocent civilians. once they' b'are back they announce that they bombed a "terrorist hideout" where' b'an year old girl just happened to be.' b'we are now accustomed to israeli tactics, and we figure that this is' b'the israeli way of telling us that "if you\'re gonna hurt our soldiers' b'you\'re gonna pay the price". we accept this as a price we have to pay' b'to free our land, israel knows very well that it is not really hurting' b'the resistance that much militarily with these strikes, but rather' b'just keeping the pressure on the villagers to demand from their young' b'men to stop attacking israeli soldiers since these attacks are' b'taking a heavy toll on the lives of the civilian villagers.' b"israel's retalliation policy is cold hearted, but a reality that" b'we have come to accept and deal with, the lebanese resistance' b'on the other hand is not going to stop its attacks on occupying' b'israeli soldiers until they withdraw, this is the only real' b'leverage that they have to force israel to withdraw.' b'the people of south lebanon are occupied, or shelled by israel on a' b'regular basis. we do not want to be occupied. if israel insists that' b'the so called "security zone" is necessary for the protection of' b'northern israel, than it will have to pay the price of its occupation' b'with the blood of its soldiers. if israel is interested in peace,' b'than it should withdraw from our land. we are not asking for the' b'establishment of a lebanese occupied zone in northern israel to protect' b'our villages that are attacked on a regular basis by israel, so the' b'best policy seems to be the removal of israeli occupation and the' b'establishment of peace keeping troops along the border.' b'' b'i have written before on this very newsgroup, that the only' b'real solution will come as a result of a comprehensive peace' b'settlement whereby israel withdraws to its own borders and' b'peace keeping troops are stationed along the border to insure' b'no one on either side of the border is shelled.' b'this is the only realistic solution, it is time for israel to' b'realize that the concept of a "buffer zone" aimed at protecting' b'its northern cities has failed. in fact it has caused much more' b'israeli deaths than the occasional shelling of northern israel' b'would have resulted in.' b'if israel really wants to save some israeli lives it would withdraw' b'unilaterally from the so-called "security zone" before the conclusion' b'of the peace talks. such a move would save israeli lives,' b"advance peace efforts, give israel a great moral lift, better israel's" b'public image abroad and give it an edge in the peace negociations' b'since israel can rightly claim that it is genuinely interested in' b'peace and has already offered some important concessions.' b'along with such a withdrawal israel could demand that hizbollah' b'be disarmed by the lebanese government and warn that it will not' b'accept any attacks against its northern cities and that if such a' b'shelling occurs than it will consider re-taking the buffer zone' b'and will hold the lebanese and syrian government responsible for it.' b'there seems to be very little incentive for the syrian and lebanese' b'goovernment to allow hizbollah to bomb israel proper under such' b'circumstances, and now the lebanese government has proven that it is' b'capable of controlling and disarming all militias as they did' b'in all other parts of lebanon.' b'' b'| if you ask me those questions, i will have no problem answering (not with a' b'| question, as you did) no, nobody is qualified candidate for murder, nothing' b'| justifies murder.' b'' b'i agree, only in the case of the isareli soldiers their killing' b'cannot be qualified as murder, no matter what you say.' b'' b'i have the feeling that you may be able yourself to make' b'| similar statements, maybe after eliminating all israelis, jews, am i wrong b'' b'yes, we have no quarrel with jews, or israeli civilians.' b'the real problem is with occupying israeli soldiers and those brave' b'israeli pilots that bomb our civilian villages every time an' b'occupying soldier is attacked.' b'' b'' b'| dorin' b'' b'basil' 