b'' b'' b'perhaps, though one can argue about whether or not the current' b'palestinian delegation represents the plo (i would hope it does not, as' b"the plo really doesn't have that kind of legitimacy)." b'' b'does it matter to you, naftaly, adam, and others, that arafat' b'advises the delegation and that the plo, overall, supports it? does' b'it also matter that arafat, on behalf of the plo, recognizes israel' b"and its right to exist? further, does israel's new policy concerning" b'direct negotiations with the plo hold any substance to the situation' b'as a whole?' b'' b'no, he does not. arafat explicitly *denies* this claim.' b'' b'' b'from a libyan televison interview with yasser arafat b'q: some people say that the palestinian revolution has many times changed' b'its strategies and tactics, something which has left its imprint on the' b'palestinian problem and on the palestinian liberation front. the' b'[strategies and tactics] have not been clear. the question is, is the' b'direction of the palestinian problem clear? the palestinian leadership' b'has stopped, or at least this is what has been said in the media, this' b'happened on the way to the dialogue with the united states, the plo' b'recognized something called "israel"...' b'' b'a: no, no, no! we do not recognize the state of israel. we said' b'"recognition" when a palestinian state is established. it will then' b'decide if to recognize israel or not. when it is established, its' b'parliament will convene and decide.' b'' b'policies which it can justify through occupation. because of this,' b"you have the grassroot movements that reject israel's authority and" b'disregard for human rights; and, if israel was serious about peace, it' b'would abandon these policies.' b'' b'and replace them with what? if israel is to withdraw its' b'control of any territory, there must be two prerequsites. one is that' b'it leads to a reduction in deaths. the second is that it should not' b'weaken israels bargianing position with respect to peace talks.' b'' b'leaving gaza unilateraly is a bad idea because it encourages' b'arabs to think they can get what they want by killing jews. the only' b'way israel should pull out of gaza is at the end of negotiations.' b'these negotiations should lead to a mutually agreeable solution with' b'security guarantees for both sides.' b'' b'until arabs are ready to sit down at the table and talk again,' b'they should not expect, or recieve more concessions.' b'' b'' b'adam' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'"if we had a budget big enough for drugs and sexual favors, we sure' b'wouldn\'t waste them on members of congress..." -john perry barlow' 