b'' b'' b'my personal problem with romanian culture is that i am' b'not aware of one. there is an anecdote about armenians' b'' b'troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.' b'the image-conscious armenians sorely feel a missing glory in' b'their background. armenians have never achieved statehood and' b'independence, they have always been subservient, and engaged' b'in undermining schemes against their rulers. they committed' b'genocide against the muslim populations of eastern anatolia' b'and armenian dictatorship before and during world war i and' b'fully participated in the extermination of the european jewry' b'during world war ii. belligerence, genocide, back-stabbing,' b'rebelliousness and disloyalty have been the hallmarks of the' b'armenian history. to obliterate these episodes the armenians' b'engaged in tailoring history to suit their whims. in this zeal' b'they tried to cover up the cold-blooded genocide of million' b'turks and kurds before and during world war i.' b'' b"and, you don't pull nations out of a hat." b'' b'' b'source: walker, christopher: "armenia: the survival of a nation."' b"new york (st. martin's press), b'' b'this generally pro-armenian work contains the following information' b'of direct relevance to the nazi holocaust:' b'' b'a) dro (the butcher), the former dictator of the armenian dictatorship and' b'the architect of the genocide of million turks and kurds, the most' b'respected of nazi armenian leaders, established an armenian provisional' b'republic in berlin during world war ii;' b'' b"b) this 'provisional government' fully endorsed and espoused the social" b'theories of the nazis, declared themselves and all armenians to be members' b"of the aryan 'super-race;'" b'' b'c) they published an anti-semitic, racist journal, thereby aligning themselves' b'with the nazis and their efforts to exterminate the jews; and,' b'' b'd) they mobilized an armenian army of up to members which fought side' b'by side with the wehrmacht.' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 