b'' b'[snip]' b'in the first place the death of three soldiers on a patrol in occupied' b'lebanese terrritory is not an act of terrorism or murder. it is' b'disingeneous to compare their death to that of athletes in munich' b'or any other act of terrorism or mrder. this exercise is aimed' b'solely at diverting the issue and is far from the truth.' b'' b'i agree that the death of three soldiers on a patrol etc... is' b'not terrorism. that having been said, lets continue.' b'' b'[snip]' b'imagine it is not a "terrorist camp" as you and the israelis like' b'to view the villages they are small communities with kids playing soccer' b'in the streets, women preparing lunch, men playing cards, etc.....' b'' b'i would not argue that all or even most of the villages are "terrorist' b'camps". there are however some which come very close to serving that' b'purpose and that is not to say that other did not function in that way' b'prior to the invasion.' b'' b'some young men, usually aged between to years are members of' b'the lebanese resistance. even the inhabitants of the village do not' b'know who these are, they are secretive about it, but most people often' b'suspect who they are and what they are up to. these young men are' b'supported financially by iran most of the time. they sneak arms and' b'ammunitions into the occupied zone where they set up booby traps' b'for israeli patrols. every time an israeli soldier is killed or injured' b'by these traps, israel retalliates by indiscriminately bombing villages' b'of their own choosing often killing only innocent civilians. once they' b'are back they announce that they bombed a "terrorist hideout" where' b'an year old girl just happened to be.' b'' b'some of the villages, and yours might well be among them, are as you' b'describe. not all are. there are a large number of groups in the area,' b'backed by various organizations, with a wide range of purposes. hizbollah' b'and amal were two of the larger ones and may still be. as to retaliation,' b'while mistakes may be made, that is still a far cry from indiscriminate' b'bombing, which would have produced major casualties.' b'' b"israel's retalliation policy is cold hearted, but a reality that" b'we have come to accept and deal with, the lebanese resistance' b'on the other hand is not going to stop its attacks on occupying' b'israeli soldiers until they withdraw, this is the only real' b'leverage that they have to force israel to withdraw.' b'' b'well, here we disagree. i think that israel would willingly withdraw if' b"the lebanese gov't was able to field a reliable force in the area to police" b'it and prevent further attacks.' b'' b'this is the only realistic solution, it is time for israel to' b'realize that the concept of a "buffer zone" aimed at protecting' b'its northern cities has failed. in fact it has caused much more' b'israeli deaths than the occasional shelling of northern israel' b'would have resulted in.' b'' b'actually that is not clear at all. i will agree that the death toll is no' b'longer civilian and now primarily military though.' b'' b'there seems to be very little incentive for the syrian and lebanese' b'goovernment to allow hizbollah to bomb israel proper under such' b'circumstances, and now the lebanese government has proven that it is' b'capable of controlling and disarming all militias as they did' b'in all other parts of lebanon.' b'' b"no, the syrian gov't is more than happy to have israel sink into another" b'lebanese morass. i could elaborate if necessary.' b'' b'i agree, only in the case of the isareli soldiers their killing' b'cannot be qualified as murder, no matter what you say.' b'' b'no, but it is regretable, as is the whole situation.' b'' b'--' b'shai guday stealth bombers,' b'os software engineer b'thinking machines corp. |\tthe winged ninjas of the skies.' b'cambridge, ma 