b'' b'' b'how dare you presume that he even has a right to go around a newsgroup' b'with a desire to convince others of any external position he has.' b'' b"they are news because they are the exceptions. and the 'islamic holocaust'" b'is much the topic of the day. the historical evidence proves that during' b'the period of to the armenian government ordered, incited,' b'assisted and participated in the genocide of million muslim people' b'because of race, religion and national origin. armenians perpetrated acts' b'of sabotage, destroyed telephone cables, blew up bridges, blocked passes,' b'set up ambushes, attacked security stations and small turkish outposts' b'behind the ottoman army lines on the one hand, and on the other ruthlessly' b'attacked turkish and kurdish villages, slaughtering the turkish population' b'indiscriminately, women, children, old and young alike. innocent' b'muslims were one by one cruelly bayonetted to death, or massacred with' b'axes and swords, or else shut up in mosques or in schools and then burnt' b'alive as can be seen below.' b'' b'widespread armenian massacres of innocent muslims took place in regions' b'of van, kars, sivas, erzurum, bitlis, erzincan, mus, diyarbakir and' b'maras. the ottoman army, while fighting to prevent the russian invasion,' b'also had to deal with armenian genocide squads who cowardly hit from' b'behind. the armenian genocide of the muslims spread to all parts of' b'eastern anatolia. starting from late armenians committed' b'widespread massacres and genocide in eastern anatolia, because the arena' b'was left to the armenians. almost every turkish town and village from' b'erzincan up to azerbaidjan suffered large scale massacres and genocide' b'by armenians and the turkish genocide has been documented by armenian,' b'russian, american, british, ottoman, german, austrian and french' b'journalists and officers who observed the first genocide of this century' b'committed by the blood-thirsty armenian genocide squads.' b'' b'the ottoman army, liberating trabzon, bayburt, erzincan, erzurum,' b'kars and other regions from the russians, saw that the cities and their' b'villages had been destroyed and burnt, people slaughtered, massacred.' b'the massacres conducted by armenians, which became a black stain for' b'humanity, shocked and disgusted even the russian, british, german,' b'austrian, french and american authorities.' b'' b'almost every ottoman document is related to armenian massacres and' b'cruelties. the inhuman treatment, cruelties, atrocities, genocide by' b'armenian genocide squads perpetrated against innocent moslem turkish' b'and kurdish people, are sufficiently reflected in historical documents.' b'even today over seventy-five years later, the terrifying screams of' b'the victims of these cruelties can be heard.' b'' b'' b'source: documents: volume i b'"document no: archive no: cabin no: drawer' b'no: file no: section no: contents no: b'(to lt. colonel seyfi, general headquarters, second section,' b'istanbul dr. stephan eshnanie)' b'' b"'neues wiener tagblatt' vienna, 'pester lloyd' 'local anzliger' berlin," b"'algemeen handelsblat' amsterdam, 'vakit' istanbul." b'' b'"i have been closely following for two weeks the withdrawal of russians and' b'armenians from turkish territories through armenia. although two months' b'have elapsed since the clearing of the territories of armenian gangs, i' b'have been observing the evidence of the cruelties of the armenians at' b'almost every step. all the villages from trabzon to erzincan and from' b'erzincan to erzurum are destroyed. corpses of turks brutally and cruelly' b'slain are everywhere. according to accounts by those who were able to' b'save their lives by escaping to mountains, the first horrible and fearful' b'events begun when the russian forces evacuated the places which were then' b'taken over by armenian gangs. the russians usually treated the people' b'well, but the people feared the intervention of the armenians. once these' b'places had been taken over by the armenians, however, the massacres begun.' b'they clearly announced their intention of clearing what they called the' b'armenian and kurdish land from the turks and thus, solve the nationality' b'problem. today i had the opportunity to meet austrian and german soldiers' b'who had escaped from russian prison camps and come from kars and' b'alexander paul (gumru-leninakan)...russian officers tried to save the' b'turks and there were clashes between russian officers and armenian gangs.' b'i am now in erzurum, and what i see is terrible. almost the whole city is' b'destroyed. the smell of the corpses still fills the air. although there are' b'speculations that armenian gangs murdered austrian and german prisoners as' b'well, i could not get the supporting evidence in this regard, but there is' b'proof of murdering of turkish prisoners of war."' b'' b'dr. stephan eshnanie' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 