b'' b'' b'[most of brads post deleted.]' b'' b'we have come to accept and deal with, the lebanese resistance' b'on the other hand is not going to stop its attacks on occupying' b'israeli soldiers until they withdraw, this is the only real' b'leverage that they have to force israel to withdraw.' b'' b'tell me, do these young men also attack syrian troops?' b'' b'' b'with the blood of its soldiers. if israel is interested in peace,' b'than it should withdraw from our land.' b'' b'there must be a guarantee of peace before this happens. it' b'seems that many of these lebanese youth are unable to restrain' b'themselves from violence, and unable to to realize that their actions' b'prolong israels stay in south lebanon.' b'' b'if the lebanese army was able to maintain the peace, then' b'israel would not have to be there. until it is, israel prefers that' b'its soldiers die rather than its children.' b'' b'' b'if israel really wants to save some israeli lives it would withdraw' b'unilaterally from the so-called "security zone" before the conclusion' b'of the peace talks. such a move would save israeli lives,' b"advance peace efforts, give israel a great moral lift, better israel's" b'public image abroad and give it an edge in the peace negociations' b'since israel can rightly claim that it is genuinely interested in' b'peace and has already offered some important concessions.' b'' b'israel should withdraw from lebanon when a peace treaty is' b'signed. not a day before. withdraw because of casualties would tell' b'the lebanese people that all they need to do to push israel around is' b'kill a few soldiers. its not gonna happen.' b'' b'along with such a withdrawal israel could demand that hizbollah' b'be disarmed by the lebanese government and warn that it will not' b'accept any attacks against its northern cities and that if such a' b'shelling occurs than it will consider re-taking the buffer zone' b'and will hold the lebanese and syrian government responsible for it.' b'' b'' b'why should israel not demand this while holding the buffer' b'zone? it seems to me that the better bargaining position is while' b'holding your neighbors land. if lebanon were willing to agree to' b'those conditions, israel would quite probably have left already.' b"unfortunately, it doesn't seem that the lebanese can disarm the" b'hizbolah, and maintain the peace.' b'' b'adam' b'' b'"if we had a budget big enough for drugs and sexual favors, we sure' b'wouldn\'t waste them on members of congress..." -john perry barlow' 