b'' b'4/15/93 turkey sends light weapons as aid to azerbaijan' b'' b'by seva ulman' b'' b'ankara, turkey (upi) turkey is arming azerbaijan with light weapons to help' b'it fight armenian forces in the struggle for the nagorno- karabakh enclave,' b'the newspaper hurriyet said thursday.' b'' b'deputy prime minister erdal inonu told reporters in ankara that turkey was' b'responding positively to a request from azerbaijan for assistance.' b'' b'"we are giving a positive response to all requests" from azerbaijan, "within' b'the limits of our capabilities," he said.' b'' b'foreign ministry spokesman vural valkan declined to elaborate on the nature' b'of the aid being sent to azerbaijan, but said they were within the framework' b'of the council for security and cooperation in europe.' b'' b'hurriyet, published in istanbul, said turkey was sending light weapons to' b'azerbaijan, including rockets, rocket launchers and ammunition.' b'' b'ankara began sending the hardware after a visit to turkey last week by a' b'high-ranking azerbaijani official. turkey has however ruled out, for the second' b'time in one week, that it would intervene militarily in azerbaijan.' b'' b'wednesday, inonu told reporters ankara would not allow azerbaijan to suffer' b'defeat at the hands of the armenians. "we feel ourselves bound to help' b'azerbaijan, but i am not in a position right now to tell you what form (that)' b'help may take in the future," he said.' b'' b'he said turkish aid to azerbaijan was continuing, "and the whole world knows' b'about it."' b'' b'prime minister suleyman demirel reiterated that turkey would not get' b'militarily involved in the conflict. foreign policy decisions could not be' b'based on street-level excitement, he said.' b'' b'there was no immediate reaction in ankara to regional reports, based on' b'armenian sources in yerevan, saying turkish pilots and other officers were' b'captured when they were shot down flying azerbaijani warplanes and' b'helicopters.' b'' b'the newspaper cumhuriyet said turkish troops were digging in along the border' b'with armenia, but military sources denied reports based on claims by local' b'people that gunfire was heard along the border. no military action has' b'occurred, the sources said.' b'' b'the latest upsurge in fighting between the armenians and azerbaijanis flared' b'early this month when armenian forces seized the town of kelbajar and later' b'positioned themselves outside fizuli, near the iranian border.' b'' b'' b'--' b"s.d.p.a. center for regional studies the armenian border, when we can't" b'p.o. box even explain b'cambridge, ma turkish mp, march 