b'' b'' b'' b' (brad hernlem writes:' b' b' b' well, you should have noted that i was cheering an attack on an israeli' b' patrol inside lebanese territory while i was condemning the "retaliatory"' b' shelling of lebanese villages by israeli and israeli-backed forces. my "team",' b' you see, was "playing fair" while the opposing team was rearranging the' b" faces of the spectators in my team's viewing stands, so to speak." b' b' i think that you should try to find more sources of news about what goes on' b' in lebanon and try to see through the propaganda. there are no a priori' b' black and white hats but one sure wonders how the idf can bombard villages in' b' retaliation to pin-point attacks on its soldiers in lebanon and then call the' b' lebanese terrorists.' b' b' if the attack was justified or not is at least debatable. but this is not the' b' issue. the issue is that you were cheering death. b' b' dorin' b'' b' dorin, of all the criticism of my post expressed on t.p.m., this one i accept.' b' i regret that aspect of my post. it is my hope that the occupation will end (and' b' the accompanying loss of life) but i believe that stiff resistance can help to' b' achieve that end. despite what some have said on t.p.m., i think that there is' b' a point when losses are unacceptable. the strategy drove u.s. troops out of' b' lebanon, at least.' b'' b'' b'hi brad,' b'' b'i have two comments: regarding your hope that the "occupation will end...' b'belive that stiff resistance..etc. how about an untried approach, i.e.,' b"peace and cooperation. i can't help but wonder what would happen if all" b'violence against israelis stopped. hopefully, violence against arabs' b'would stop at the same time. if a state of non-violence could be' b'maintained, perhaps a state of cooperation could be achieved, i.e.,' b'greater economic opportunities for both peoples living in the' b'"territories".' b'' b'of course, given the current leadership of israel, your way may work' b'also but if that leadership changes, e.g., to someone with ariel' b"sharon's mentality, then i would predict a considerable loss of life," b'i.e., no winners.' b'' b'secondly, regarding your comment about the u.s. troops responding' b'to "stiff resistance" the analogy is not quite valid. the u.s.' b'troops could get out of the neighborhood altogether. the israelis' b'could not.' b'' b'just my worth, no offense intended.' b'' b'respectfully,' b'' b'ben.' 