b'' b'' b'let me clearify mr. turkish;' b'armenia is not getting "itchy". she is simply letting the world know that' b'she will no longer sit there quiet and let turks get away with their famous' b'tricks. armenians do remember of the turkish invasion of the greek island of' b'cypress while the world simply watched.' b'' b"and the 'turkish karabag' is next. as for 'cyprus', in turkiye" b'stepped into cyprus to preserve the lives of the turkish population' b'there. this is nothing but a simple historical fact. unfortunately,' b'the intervention was too late at least for some of the victims. mass' b'graves containing numerous bodies of women and children already showed' b'what fate had been planned for a peaceful minority.' b'' b'the problems in cyprus have their origin in decades of' b'oppression of the turkish population by the greek cypriot' b'officials and their violation of the co-founder status of' b"the turks set out in the constitution. the coup d'etat" b'engineered by greece in to execute a final solution' b'to the turkish problem was the savage blow that invoked' b"turkiye's intervention. turkiye intervened reluctantly and" b'only as a last resort after exhausting all other avenues' b'consulting with britain and greece as the other two signatories' b'to the treaty to protect the integrity of cyprus. there simply' b'was not any expansionist motivation in the turkish action at' b'all. this is in dramatic contrast to the greek motivation which' b"was openly expansionist, stated as 'enosis,' union with greece." b'since the creation of independent cyprus in the turkish' b'population, although smaller, legally had status as the co-founder' b'of the republic with the greek population.' b'' b"the greek cypriots, with the support of 'enosis'-minded" b'greeks in the mainland, have consistently ignored that' b'status and portrayed the island as a greek island with' b'a minority population of turks. the turks of cyprus are' b'not a minority in a greek republic and they found the' b'only way they could show that was to assert their' b'autonomy in a separate republic.' b'' b'turkiye is not satisfied with the status quo. she would' b'rather not be involved with the island. but, given the' b'dismal record of brutal greek oppression of the turkish' b'population in cyprus, she simply cannot leave the fate' b"of the island's turks in the hands of the greeks until" b'the turkish side is satisfied with whatever accord' b'the two communities finally reach to guarantee that' b'history will not repeat itself to rob turkish cypriots' b'of their rights, liberties and their very lives.' b'' b'' b"source: 'cyprus: the tale of an island,' a. h. rizvi, p. b'' b'21-12-1963 throughout cyprus' b'"following the greek cypriot premeditated onslaught of december,' b'1963, the turkish sectors all over cyprus were completely besieged' b'by greeks; all telephonic, telegraphic and postal communications' b'between these sectors were cut off and the turkish cypriot' b"community's contact with each other and with the outside world" b'was thus prevented."' b'' b'21-12-63 turkish quarter of nicosia and suburbs' b'"greek cypriot armed elements broke into hundreds of turkish' b'homes and fired at the unarmed occupants with automatic' b'weapons killing at random many turks, including women, children' b'and elderly persons turks were killed and wounded). they' b'also carried away as hostages more than turks, including' b'women and children, whom they forced to walk bare-footed and' b'in night-dresses across rough fields and river beds."' b'' b'21-12-63 throughout cyprus' b'"the greek cypriot administration deprived turkish cypriots' b'including ministers, mps, and turkish members of the public' b'services of the republic, of their right to freedom of movement."' b'' b'in his report no. s/6102 of december, to the security' b'council, the un secretary-general stated in this respect the' b'following:' b'' b'"restrictions on the free movement of civilians have been one of' b'the major features of the situation in cyprus since the early' b'stages of the disturbances, these restrictions have inflicted' b'considerable hardship on the population, especially the turkish' b'cypriot community, and have kept tension high."' b'' b'25-9-1964 throughout cyprus' b'' b'"supply of petrol was completely denied to the turkish sections."' b'' b'makarios addresses un security council on july b'after being ousted by the greek junta coup' b'' b'"in the beginning i wish to express my sincere thanks to all the' b'members of the security council for the great interest they have' b'shown in the critical situation which has been created in cyprus' b'after the coup organized by the military regime in greece and' b'carried out by the greek army officers who were serving in the' b'national guard and were commanding it.' b'' b'[..]' b'' b'13-3-1975 on the road travelling to the south to the freedom of' b'the north' b'' b'"a turkish woman was seriously wounded and her four-month old' b'baby was riddled with bullets from an automatic weapon fired by' b'a greek cypriot mobile patrol which had ambushed the car in which' b'the mother and her baby were travelling to the turkish region.' b"the baby died in her mother's arms." b'' b'this wanton murder of a four-month-old baby, which shocked foreign' b'observers as much as the turkish community, was not committed by' b'irresponsible persons, but by members of the greek cypriot security' b"forces. according to the mother's statement the greek police patrol" b'had chased their car and deliberately fired upon it."' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian 