b'' b'' b' buch of crap and you know it. nagarno-karabagh has always been part' b' of armenia and it was stalin who gave it to the azeris. go back and' b' review the history.' b'' b"if a 'dog's prayers were answered, bones would rain from the sky." b"did you know that the word 'karabag' itself is a 'turkish' name?" b"before before the russians and their 'zavalli kole' armenians," b'drove all the turks/muslims out, it was a turkish majority town. well,' b'anyway, it is not surprising that armenians also collaborated with the' b'nazis.' b'' b'"wholly opportunistic the dashnaktzoutun have been variously' b'pro-nazi, pro-russia, pro-soviet armenia, pro-arab, pro-jewish,' b'as well as anti-jewish, anti-zionist, anti-communist, and' b'anti-soviet whichever was expedient."[1]' b'' b"[1] john roy carlson (arthur derounian), 'cairo to damascus,'" b'alfred a. knopf, new york, p. b'' b'as a dear friend put it, the tzeghagrons (armenian racial patriots)' b'was the youth organization of the dashnaktzoutun. it was based in' b'boston (where asala/sdpa/arf terrorism triangle is located) but' b'had followers in armenian colonies all over the world. literally' b"tzeghagron means 'to make a religion of one's race.' the architect" b'of the armenian racial patriots was garegin nezhdeh, a nazi armenian' b'who became a key leader of collaboration with hitler in world war ii.' b'in he had been invited to the united states by the central' b'committee of the dashnaktzoutun to inspire and organize the' b'american-armenian youth. nezhdeh succeeded in unifying many local' b'armenian youth groups in the tzeghagrons. starting with b'chapters in the initial year, the tzeghagrons grew to chapters' b'and became the largest and most powerful nazi armenian organization.' b'nezhdeh also provided the tzeghagrons with a philosophy:' b'' b'"the racial religious beliefs in his racial blood as a deity.' b'race above everything and before everything. race comes first."[1]' b'' b'[1] quoted in john roy carlson (real name arthur derounian), "the' b'armenian displaced persons," in \'armenian affairs,\' winter,' b'1949-50, p. footnote.' b'' b'' b'now wait, there is more.' b'' b"the gruesome extent of february's killings of azeris by armenians" b'in the town of hojali is at last emerging in azerbaijan about' b'600 men, women and children dead in the worst outrage of the' b'four-year war over nagorny karabakh.' b'' b'the figure is drawn from azeri investigators, hojali officials' b'and casualty lists published in the baku press. diplomats and aid' b'workers say the death toll is in line with their own estimates.' b'' b'the february attack on hojali by armenian forces was one of' b'the last moves in their four-year campaign to take full control' b'of nagorny karabakh, the subject of a new round of negotiations' b'in rome on monday. the bloodshed was something between a fighting' b'retreat and a massacre, but investigators say that most of the' b'dead were civilians. the awful number of people killed was first' b'suppressed by the fearful former communist government in baku.' b'later it was blurred by armenian denials and grief-stricken' b"azerbaijan's wild and contradictory allegations of up to b'dead.' b'' b'the state prosecuter, aydin rasulov, the cheif investigator of a' b'15-man team looking into what azerbaijan calls the "hojali' b'disaster", said his figure of people dead was a minimum on' b'preliminary findings. a similar estimate was given by elman' b'memmedov, the mayor of hojali. an even higher one was printed in' b'the baku newspaper ordu in may dead people named and more' b'than bodies reported unidentified. this figure of nearly b'dead is quoted as official by leila yunusova, the new spokeswoman' b'of the azeri ministry of defence.' b'' b'francois zen ruffinen, head of delegation of the international' b'red cross in baku, said the muslim imam of the nearby city of' b'agdam had reported a figure of bodies received at his mosque' b'from hojali, most of them civilians. "we did not count the' b'bodies. but the figure seems reasonable. it is no fantasy," mr' b'zen ruffinen said. "we have some idea since we gave the body bags' b'and products to wash the dead."' b'' b'mr rasulov endeavours to give an unemotional estimate of the' b'number of dead in the massacre. "don\'t get worked up. it will' b'take several months to get a final figure," the 43-year-old' b'lawyer said at his small office.' b'' b'mr rasulov knows about these things. it took him two years to' b'reach a firm conclusion that people were killed and b'wounded when soviet troops and tanks crushed a nationalist' b'uprising in baku in january b'' b'those nationalists, the popular front, finally came to power' b'three weeks ago and are applying pressure to find out exactly' b'what happened when hojali, an azeri town which lies about b'miles from the border with armenia, fell to the armenians.' b'' b'officially, people have so far been certified as dead, being' b'the number of people that could be medically examined by the' b'republic\'s forensic department. "this is just a small percentage' b'of the dead," said rafiq youssifov, the republic\'s chief forensic' b'scientist. "they were the only bodies brought to us. remember the' b'chaos and the fact that we are muslims and have to wash and bury' b'our dead within hours."' b'' b'of these people, were women, and were children under b'years old. gunshots killed people, shrapnel killed and' b'axes or blunt instruments killed exposure in the highland' b'snows killed the last three. thirty-three people showed signs of' b'deliberate mutilation, including ears, noses, breasts or penises' b"cut off and eyes gouged out, according to professor youssifov's" b'report. those bodies examined were less than a third of those' b'believed to have been killed, mr rasulov said.' b'' b"files from mr rasulov's investigative commission are still" b'disorganised lists of azeri militiamen are dead here, six' b'policemen there, and in handwriting of a mosque attendant, the' b'names of corpses brought to be washed in just one day. the' b'most heartbreaking account from witnesses interviewed so far' b'comes from towfiq manafov, an azeri investigator who took a' b'helicopter flight over the escape route from hojali on b'february.' b'' b'"there were too many bodies of dead and wounded on the ground to' b'count properly: in hojali, people by the stream' b'and the road and visible around nakhchivanik village," mr' b'manafov wrote in a statement countersigned by the helicopter' b'pilot.' b'' b'"people waved up to us for help. we saw three dead children and' b'one two-year-old alive by one dead woman. the live one was' b'pulling at her arm for the mother to get up. we tried to land but' b'armenians started a barrage against our helicopter and we had to' b'return."' b'' b'there has been no consolidation of the lists and figures in' b'circulation because of the political upheavals of the last few' b'months and the fact that nobody knows exactly who was in hojali' b'at the time many inhabitants were displaced from other villages' b'taken over by armenian forces.' b'' b"the independent, london, b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 