b'' b'' b"\t why don't you post this in english, mike?" b'\t this appears to mean "milan, it seems that' b'\t some greek has fucked you."' b'' b'is that what turns you on? the truth needs to be told over and over' b'again. there are armenians who of course witnessed the armenian genocide' b'of million muslim people between but their voices of truth' b'are suppressed today in the hollow din of anti-turkish/muslim campaign' b'by the asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism triangle of the fascist' b'x-soviet armenian government. well, that is what i saw in the library.' b"what's your problem with this?" b'' b'' b'source: k. s. papazian, "patriotism perverted," baikar press, boston, b'' b'pp. b'' b'"it seems that terrorism against their own co-nationals has been a prominent' b'part of the revolutionary activities of the dashnag leaders of the caucasus.' b'organized to fight the turks, these chieftains have been more successful' b'in their fight against their armenian opponents in turkey, and the caucasus,' b'very often defenseless and innocent."' b'' b'p. b'' b'"the fact remains, however, that the leaders of the turkish armenian section' b'of the dashnagtzoutune did not carry out their promise of loyalty to the' b'turkish cause when the turks entered the war...and a call was sent for' b'armenian volunteers to fight the turks on the caucasian front."' b'' b'p. b'' b'"thousands of armenians from all over the world, flocked to the standards of' b'such famous fighters as antranik, kery, dro, etc. the armenian volunteer' b'regiments rendered valuable service to the russian army in the years of' b'1914-15-16."' b'' b'' b'source: "adventures in the near east, by a. rawlinson,' b'jonathan cape, bedford square, london, (first published b'(287 pages).' b'(memoirs of a british officer who witnessed the armenian genocide of b'million muslim people)' b'' b'p. (second paragraph)' b'' b'"i had received further very definite information of horrors that' b'had been committed by the armenian soldiery in kars plain, and as' b'i had been able to judge of their want of discipline by their' b'treatment of my own detached parties, i had wired to tiflis from' b"zivin that 'in the interests of humanity the armenians should not" b'be left in independent command of the moslem population, as, their' b'troops being without discipline and not under effective control,' b'atrocities were constantly being committed, for which we should' b'with justice eventually be held to be morally responsible\'."' b'' b'p. (third paragraph)' b'' b'"armenian troops, who, having pillaged and destroyed all the' b'moslem villages in the plain...."' b'' b'"caravans of refugees were in the meanwhile constantly arriving from the' b'plain, from which the whole moslem population was fleeing with as much of' b'their personal property as they could transport, seeking to obtain security' b'and protection..."' b'' b'p. (first paragraph)' b'' b'"in those moslem villages in the plain below which had been searched' b'for arms by the armenians everything had been taken under the cloak of' b'such search, and not only had many moslems been killed, but horrible' b'tortures had been inflicted in the endeavour to obtain information as' b'to where valuables had been hidden, of which the armenians were aware' b'of the existence, although they had been unable to find them."' b'' b'p. (first paragraph)' b'' b'"shortly afterwards the head of the miserable column appeared. there' b'were in all about persons, mostly old men and women and children,' b'with a few ox-carts, ponies, and donkeys, carrying all their worldly' b'possessions, except a few sheep that they were driving before them.' b'their leader interviewed bekir bey, and was told to keep farther on' b'into the hills, where he would be able to cross the frontier into' b'turkey unmolested by his enemies."' b'' b'p. (first paragraph)' b'' b'"the armenians from the plain were attacking the kurdish line with' b'artillery, with probably a large force in support."' b'' b'p. (first paragraph)' b'' b'"the arrival of this british brigade was followed by the announcement' b'that kars province had been allotted by the supreme council of the' b'allies to the armenians, and that announcement having been made, the' b'british troops were then completely withdrawn, and armenian occupation' b'commenced. hence all the trouble; for the armenians at once commenced' b'the wholesale robbery and persecution of the muslem population on the' b'pretext that it was necessary forcibly to deprive them of their arms.' b'in the portion of the province which lies in the plains they were able' b'to carry out their purpose, and the manner in which this was done will' b'be referred to in due course."' b'' b'the following news from turan news agency in baku-azerbaijan' b'is brought to you as a service of:' b'' b'<azerbaijan aydinlig association' b'p.o. box b'berkeley, ca b'fax: b'' b"* azerbaijan's government appeals to compatriots all over the world" b'* refugees from kelbajar perished in their escape lorries' b'* situation in the region of kelbajar' b'* armenian army continues attack on fizuli' b'* press-conference of the chief of press-service of president of azerbaijan' b'* azerbaijanis picket in front of ministry of foreign affairs of russia' b'* picket of sadvalers in moscow' b'* attack of armenian units stopped' b'* statement of ministry of foreign affairs of azerbaijan' b'' b'' b'' b"azerbaijan's government appeals to compatriots all over the world" b'' b"baku (april turan: today, azerbaijan's government appealed" b'to azeris all over the world in connection with escalation of the' b'armenian aggression against the republic.' b'it is stressed in appeal that the experience of five-years of fighting' b'for independence from imperial chains shows a grim process the war' b'against azerbaijan under the pretence of protecting the human rights of' b'the armenians of ukhari (upper) garabag, has meant the destruction of' b'azeri villages and towns, occupation of percent of the territory, b'thousand new refugees in addition to thousand already in place.' b'this is all the price of fighting for liberty from russian imperial rule,' b'is said in the document.' b"azerbaijan's government appeals to all compatriots to make every" b'effort to inform the people of the world about the truth in azerbaijan,' b'and to assistance in solving the problems facing the young state.' b'it is stressed in the appeal that there is urgent need for medicine,' b'food, experienced doctors and financial help to settle refugees from' b'kelbajar, fizuli and lachin regions, and to render medical aid for the' b'sick and the wounded men.--o--' b'' b'' b'60 refugees from kelbajar perished in their escape lorries' b'' b'baku (april turan: today, during the evacuation from kelbajar' b'region, refugees on board two lorries were killed in the fire from the' b'armenian tanks on the only road to leave kelbajar. according to press' b'-service of azerbaijan president, no one survived the tragedy. --o--' b'' b'' b'situation in the region of kelbajar' b'' b'baku april) turan: attempts to evacuate the rest of b'citizens, encircled on alpine villages of the region of kelbajar' b'went on within the last twenty-four hours. evacuation helicopters' b'could not land near these villages because of shelling from the' b'armenian side and existence of fog. measures are undertaken to air-drop' b'food and medicine to the encircled people.' b'several hundred people succeed within the last twenty-four hours to' b'get out of the region of kelbajar via mountain range. refugees are' b'settled in the neighboring regions of azerbaijan and in ganja.' b'authorities face serious problem with rendering refugees medical' b'aid and food. the number of refugees from kelbajar is over people.' b'azerbaijan is not capable of handling a disaster of this magnitude.--0--' b'' b'' b'armenian army continues attack on fizuli' b'' b'baku april) turan: the region of fizuli of azerbaijan,' b'situated outside of the territory of daglig (nagorno) garabag, has been' b'subjected to heaviest attacks of armenian army for the fourth day. about' b'30 armored technique and more than soldiers of the enemy are taking' b'part in the attack.' b'armenian units broke the defence line of the azeri forces and occupied' b'the ruling height from where the town is shelled from "grad" installations,' b'this morning. there is heavy destructions in the town and more than b'people are dead. population of the town is hastily evacuated.--0--' b'' b'' b'press-conference of the chief of press-service of president of azerbaijan' b'' b'baku april) turan: fifty-five thousand refugees from the region' b"of kelbajar were taken out by o'clock on april informed the chief" b'of the press-service of president of azerbaijan, arif aliev, today.' b'journalists were also informed at the press-conference that' b'international red cross is helping to accept and render refugees medical' b'aid. there is an urgent need to supply the refugees with tents, food and' b'medical aid.' b'arif aliev informed that as a result of the ongoing tragedy brought' b'on by the latest aggression of armenia, the leadership of azerbaijan' b'intends to appeal to azerbaijanis and all those who treasure human life' b'all over the world for help.' b'concerning the reaction of the international community to aggression' b'of armenia, aliev said the department of state of the usa has expressed' b'its anxiety to leadership of armenia.' b'participants of peace efforts in daglig (nagorno) garabag under' b'csce, rafaelli, mareska and chetin strongly blamed the aggression of' b'armenia against azerbaijan.' b'leader of press-service informed that tomorrow ambassador of' b'azerbaijan in russia, hikmet haji-zade, will conduct a press-conference' b'in moscow. detailed information on latest events in the region of' b'kelbajar of azerbaijan will be given at the press-conference.--0--' b'' b'' b'azerbaijanis picket in front of ministry of foreign affairs of russia' b'' b'baku april) turan: azerbaijanis, living in moscow, picketed' b'in front of the building of the ministry of foreign affairs of russia.' b'picket was conducted as a token of protest against participation of' b'russian units in capture of the region of kelbajar of azerbaijan by' b'armenians. about people took part in the picket, organized by' b'azerbaijani society "dayag".--0--' b'' b'' b'picket of sadvalers in moscow' b'' b'baku april) members of "sadval" society picketed before' b'the building of permanent representation of azerbaijan in moscow.' b'picketers were demanding the return of lezghins lands, as if annexed' b'by azerbaijan.' b'ambassador of azerbaijan in moscow, hikmet haji-zade classified' b'this action as provocation aimed at creating a further inter-ethnic' b'conflict in azerbaijan. he marked in his talk with the turan' b'correspondent that he does not rule out a connection between the' b'armenian aggression in the region of kelbajar and this anti-' b'azerbaijani action of the "sadval" society in moscow. he also' b'marked that people do not mean the lezghian nationality in' b'the whole.' b'society of lezghins, "sadval", registered in moscow in b'demands the creation of a lezghistan state, which never existed' b'before on the northern territories of azerbaijan.--0--' b'' b'' b'attack of armenian units stopped' b'' b'baku april) turan: attack of armenian army on the town of' b'fizuli, which began in the last twenty-four hours, is stopped, informs' b'the press-service of the ministry of defence of azerbaijan.' b'in the result of undertaken measures, tanks and a number of' b'the attackers were destroyed. advance units of the armenian army' b'retreated several kilometers.' b'chairman of the parliament, isa gambar, visited the town of' b'fizuli and met with commanders of the units of the national army' b'and local citizens, today.--0--' b'' b'' b'statement of ministry of foreign affairs of azerbaijan' b'' b'baku april) turan: ministry of foreign affairs of azerbaijan' b'issued a statement in connection with aggression of armenia in the' b'region of kelbajar of azerbaijan.' b'it is stated in the statement that regular units of the armed' b'forces of armenia captured the town of kelbajar on april b'attack of armenian units, which began on march deep in the' b'territory of azerbaijan still continues. armenia has occupied at' b'present sq.km of the territory of azerbaijan.' b'spreading of armenian aggression far away from ukhari (upper)' b'garabag proves that the armenian-azerbaijani conflicts has entered a' b'specially dangerous phase. this is the result of non-recognition of' b'armenia as an aggressor by the international community, is marked' b'in the document.' b'it is stressed in the statement that the units of the 7th russian' b'army are participating in the armenian attack. this casts doubt on' b'the sincerity of russian mediation efforts in finding a peaceful' b'solution to the conflict.' b'it is marked in conclusion that aggressive actions of armenia' b'have wrecked the negotiation process under aegis of csce.' b'the document contains the appeal to the world community to stop' b'armenian aggression and to use political and economic sanctions' b'against the aggressor.--0--' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 