b'' b'' b'i sure hope so. because, the unspeakable crimes of the armenians must' b'be righted. armenian invaders burned and sacked the fatherland of' b'' b'no! no! no no no no no. it is not justifiable to right wrongs of' b'previous years.' b'' b'well, there is a bit: such as the german reparations to the jewish' b'survivors of the holocaust. certainly, as such an event goes further' b'into the past, reparations become less realistic.' b'' b'i was convinced that no one could have a more warped sense of the' b"world. they were 'our' grandparents who were cold-bloodedly exterminated" b'by the armenians between and not yours. and you can always' b"participate in 'the turkish genocide day' along with millions of turkish" b'and kurdish people on april in the united states and canada.' b'' b'...on this occasion, we once again reiterate the unquestioned' b'justice of the restitution of turkish and kurdish rights and...' b'' b'- we demand that the x-soviet armenian government admit its' b'responsibility for the turkish and kurdish genocide, render' b'reparations to the muslim people, and return the land to its' b'rightful owners. the recognition of the genocide has become an' b'issue which cannot be delayed further, and it is imperative that' b'artificial obstacles created for political manipulations be removed.' b'' b'- we believe the time has come to demand from the the united states' b'that it formally recognizes the turkish and kurdish genocide, adopts' b'the principles of our demands and refuses to accede to armenian pressures' b'to the contrary.' b'' b'- as taxpayers of the united states, we express our vehement' b'protest to the present u.s. government policy of continued' b'coddling, protection and unqualified assistance towards x-soviet' b'armenia.' b'' b'- we also demand that the united states return to the policies' b'advocated by u.s. ambassador bristol and other enlightened statesmen,' b'who have undertaken a just, human and benevolent attitude towards' b'the rights of the muslim people and the just resolution of their case.' b'' b"- our territorial demands are strictly aimed at x-soviet armenia's." b'' b'' b'lied:' b'' b'the goltz article was not published in the sunday times magazine' b'on march but in the guardian sunday section.' b'' b'well, still anxiously awaiting...' b'' b'cis commander pulls troops out of karabagh b'' b'"elif kaban, a reuter correspondent in agdam, reported that after a battle' b'on wednesday, azeris were burying scores of people who died when armenians' b'overran the town of khojaly, the second-biggest azeri settlement in the' b"area. 'the world is turning its back on what's happening here. we are dying" b'and you are just watching,\' one mourner shouted at a group of journalists."' b'helen womack' b'the independent, b'' b'armenian soldiers massacre hundreds of fleeing families:' b'' b'"the attackers killed most of the soldiers and volunteers defending the' b'women and children. they then turned their guns on the terrified refugees.' b"the few survivors later described what happened: 'that's when the real" b"slaughter began,' said azer hajiev, one of the three soldiers to survive." b"'the armenians just shot and shot. and they came in and started carving" b"up people with their bayonets and knives.' a 45-year-old man who had been" b"shot in the back said:' we were walking through the brush. then they opened" b'up on us and people were falling all around. my wife fell, then my child."' b'thomas goltz' b'sunday times, b'' b'armenian raid leaves azeris dead or fleeing:' b'' b'"...about of khojaly\'s people were killed in tuesdays attack.' b'azerbaijani television showed truckloads of corpses being evacuated from' b'the khocaly area."' b'brian killen (reuters)' b'the washington times, b'' b'atrocity reports horrify azerbaijan b'' b'"azeri officials who returned from the seen to this town about nine miles' b'away brought back three dead children, the backs of their heads blown off...' b"'women and children had been scalped,' said assad faradzev, an aide to" b"karabagh's azeri governor. azeri television showed pictures of one" b'truckload of bodies brought to the azeri town of agdam, some with their' b'faces apparently scratched with knives or their eyes gouged out."' b'brian killen (reuters)' b'the washington times, b'' b'massacre by armenians being reported:' b'' b'"the republic of armenia reiterated denials that its militants had' b'killed [azeris]... but dozens of bodies scattered over the' b'area lent credence to azerbaijani reports of a massacre."' b'(reuters)' b'the new york times, b'' b'killings rife in nagorno-karabagh, moldova:' b'' b'"journalists in the area reported seeing dozens of corpses, including some' b'of the civilians, and azerbaijani officials said armenians began shooting' b'at them when they sought to recover the bodies."' b'fred hiatt' b'the washington post, b'' b'bodies mark site of karabagh massacre:' b'' b'"a local truce was enforced to allow the azerbaijanis to collect their dead' b'and any refugees still hiding in the hills and forest. all are the bodies' b'of ordinary people, dressed in the poor, ugly clorhing of workers. of the b'we saw only one policeman and two apparent national volunteers were wearing' b'uniform. all the rest were civilians, including eight women and three small' b'children. two groups, apparently families, had fallen together, the children' b"cradled in the women's arms. several of them, including one small girl, had" b'terrible head injuries: only her face was left. survivors have told how they' b'saw armenians shooting them point blank as they lay on the ground."' b'anatol lieven' b'the times (london), b'' b'karabagh survivors flee to mountains:' b'' b'"geyush gassanov, the deputy mayor of khocaly, said that armenian troops' b'surrounded the town after pm on tuesday. they were accompanied by six' b"or seven light tanks and armoured carriers. 'we thought they would just" b'bombard the village, as they had in the past, and then retreat. but they' b"attacked, and our defence force couldn't do anything against their tanks.'" b'other survivors described how they had been fired on repeatedly on their' b"way through the mountains to safety. 'for two days we crawled most of the" b"way to avoid gunfire,' sukru aslanov said. his daughter was killed in the" b'battle for khodjaly, and his brother and son died on the road."' b'anatol lieven' b'the times (london), b'' b'corpses litter hills in karabagh:' b'' b'"as we swooped low over the snow covered hills of nagorno-karabagh we saw' b'the scattered corpses. apparently, the refugees had been shot down as' b'they ran...suddenly there was a thump...[our azerbaijani helicopter] had' b'been fired on from an armenian anti-aircraft post..."' b'anatol lieven' b'the times (london), b'' b'"police in western azerbaijan said they had recovered the bodies of' b'120 azerbaijanis killed as they fled an armenian assault in the' b'disputed enclave of nagorno-karabagh and said they were blocked from' b'recovering more bodies."' b'the wall street journal, b'' b'exiting troops attacked in nagorno-karabagh:' b'' b'"withdrawal halted; armenians blamed...' b'more video footage and reports from khocaly paint a grim picture of' b'widespread civilian deaths and mutilation...' b'one woman\'s feet appeared to have been bound..."' b'paul quinn-judge' b'the boston globe, b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 