b'' b'' b'henrik] my response to the "shooting down" of a turkish airplane over the' b'henrik] armenian air space was because of the ignorant posting of the' b'henrik] person from your country. turks and azeris consistantly want to' b'henrik] drag armenia into the karabakh conflict with azerbaijan. the' b'henrik] karabakhi-armenians who have lived in their homeland for b'henrik] years (cut off from armenia and given to azeris by stalin) are' b'henrik] the ones directly involved in the conflict. they are defending' b'henrik] themselves against azeri aggression. agression that has no mercy' b"henrik] for inocent people that are costantly shelled with mig-23's and" b'henrik] othe russian aircraft.' b'' b'henrik] at last, i hope that the u.s. insists that turkey stay out of the' b'henrik] karabakh crisis so that the repeat of the cyprus invasion will' b'henrik] never occur again.' b'' b'da] armenia is involved in fighting with azarbaijan. it is armenian' b'da] soldiers from mainland armenia that are shelling towns in azarbaijan.' b'' b'well, this is your opinion b'' b'turkish/ azeris can bark all they want since the above is untrue. however,' b"i am sure you guys would have never brought up armenia's involvement if" b'karabakhi-armenians had had heavy losses.' b'' b'' b'da] you might wish to read more about whether or not it is azeri aggression' b'da] only in that region. it seems to me that the armenians are better' b'da] organized, have more success militarily and shell azeri towns' b'da] repeatedly.' b'' b'read what the new york times that is publishing anti-armenian' b'articles. nop, i have my resources. look, everyone knows how aggressive' b'turks/azeris have been in the past. armenians are not gona sit' b'around and watch fire works by azeris taught by turks.' b'' b'da] it seems to me that the armenians are better organized, have more success' b'da] militarily and shell azeri towns repeatedly.' b'' b'buch of non-sence crap and you know it. who the hell you think' b'you are talking to azeris are fighting local armenians in' b"nagarno-karabakh. you tell me who has more mig's freedom fighters" b'in nagarno-karabakh or azerbaijan b'' b'again, i will say it for the last time, armenia is not involved' b'in this war and you guys want to bring this up in order to cover' b'up the turkish involvment in the karabakh. go ahead repeat as' b'much as you want.' b'' b"da] i don't wish to get into the cyprus discussion. turkey had the right to" b'da] intervene, and it did. perhaps the intervention was not supposed to' b'da] last for so long, but the constant refusal of the greek governments both' b'da] on the island and in greece to deal with reality is also to be blamed' b'da] for the ongoing standoff in the region.' b'' b'not a chance you can not convince me (based on your reasons)that' b'your government did the right thing to invade cyprus.' b'' b'da] lastly, why is there not a soc.culture.armenia? i vote yes for it.' b'da] after all, it is now free.' b'' b'well, i am not in the position to agree or disadree with you.' b'' b'' 