b'' b'[stuff deleted]' b'' b' country. turks and azeris consistantly want to drag armenia into the' b' karabakh conflict with azerbaijan.' b'' b'gimme a break. capital letters, or not, the above is pure nonsense. it' b'seems to me that short sighted armenians are escalating the hostilities' b'while hoping that turkey will stay out. stop and think for a moment,' b"will you? armenia doesn't need anyone to drag her into the conflict, it" b'is a part of it.' b'' b'the karabakhi-armenians who have lived' b'in their homeland for years (cut off from armenia and given to azeris' b'by stalin) are the ones directly involved in the conflict. they are defending' b'themselves against azeri aggression.' b'' b"huh? you didn't expect azeri's to be friendly to forces fighting with them" b'within their borders?' b'' b'[...]' b' at last, i hope that the u.s. insists that turkey stay out of the karabakh' b' crisis so that the repeat of the cyprus invasion will never occur again.' b'' b"you're not playing with a full deck, are you? where would turkey invade?" b'are you throwing the cyprus buzzword around with s.c.g. in the header' b'in hopes that the greek netters will jump the gun? yes indeed turkey' b'has the military prowess to intervene, what she wishes she had, however, is' b'the diplomatic power to stop the hostilities and bring the parties to the' b"negotiating table. that's hard to do when armenians are attacking azeri" b'towns. armenian leaders are lacking the statesmanship to recognize the' b'futility of armed conflict and convince their nation that a compromise that' b"leads to stability is much better than a military faits accomplis that's" b'going to cause incessant skirmishes. think of or years down the' b'line both of the newly independent countries need to develop economically' b'and neither one is going to wipe the other out. these people will be' b'neighbors, would it not be better to keep the bad blood between them minimal?' b'' b'if you belong to the armenian diaspora, keep in mind that what strikes' b'your fancy on the map is costing the local armenians dearly in terms of their' b"blood and future. it's easy to be comfortable abroad and propagandize" b'craziness to have your feelings about turks tickled. the armenians' b'in armenia and n-k will be there, with the same people you seem to hate' b"as their neighbors, for maybe years more. the sooner there's peace in" b"the region the better it is for them and everyone else. i'd push for" b'compromise if i were you instead of hitting the caps-lock and spreading' b'inflammatory half-truths.' b'' b'cheers,' b'' b'bm' 