b'' b'writes:' b' b' ..[cancellum]...' b' b' b' b'' b' onur yalcin] secondly, the island of which the name is more correctly spelled' b' onur yalcin] as cyprus has never been greek, but rather, it has been home to' b' onur yalcin] a bi-communal society formed of greeks and turks. it seems that' b' b' onur yalcin] you know as little about the history and the demography of the' b" onur yalcin] island, as you know about the essence of turkey's" b' onur yalcin] military intervention to it under international agreements.' b'' b' \tbi-communal society then why did not greece invade cyprus b'' b'henrik b'' b"your ignorance manifests itself in an awkward form of intransigence. i'm not" b'going to spend time to review with you the recent history of cyprus. if you are' b'really interested, i can provide you with a number of references on the issue.' b'just send me email for that.' b'' b'' b' onur yalcin] be that as it may, an analogy between an act of occupation in' b' onur yalcin] history and what is going on today on azerbaijani land, can only' b' onur yalcin] be drawn with the expansionist policy that armenia is now' b' pursuing.' b'' b' \tbuch of crap and you know it. nagarno-karabagh has always been part' b' of armenia and it was stalin who gave it to the azeris. go back and' b' review the history.' b'' b' \tthe armenians in nagarno-karabagh are simply defending their rights' b' to keep their homeland and it is the azeris that are invading their' b' teritory.' b'' b' onur yalcin] but, i could agree that it is not for us to issue diagnoses to' b' onur yalcin] the political conduct of countries, and promulgate them in such' b' onur yalcin] terminology as "itchy-bitchy"...' b'' b' i was not the one that stated it.' b'' b'' b"relax! you're swinging fists into open air... i was *agreeing* with you," b'assuming that would be one of your points that you did not state! you may' b'not be very much used to it, to be agreed with that is, but take it more' b'easily. b'' b' however, i hope that the armenians will force a turkish airplane' b' to land for purposes of searching for arms similar to the one' b'' b"no, henrik, believe me: you don't hope that." b'' b' that happened last summer. turkey searched an american plane' b' (carrying humanitarian aid) bound to armenia.' b'' b'' b'was that after or before one french plane changed its route to avoid' b'inspection???' b'' b'--' b'onur yalcin' b'' b'"un punto in piu`"' 