b'' b'ten questions about arab countries' b'----------------------------------' b'' b'i would be thankful if any of you who live in arab countries could' b'help to provide accurate answers to the following specific questions.' b'these are indeed provocative questions but they are asked time and' b'again by people around me.' b'' b"1. is it true that many arab countries don't recognize" b'israeli nationality that people with israeli stamps on their' b"passports can't enter arabic countries?" b'' b'2. is it true that arabic countries such as jordan and syria' b'have undefined borders and that arab governments from until today' b'have refused to state where the ultimate borders of their states' b'should be?' b'' b'3. is it true that arab countires refused to sign the chemical' b'weapon convention treaty in paris in b'' b'4. is it true that in arab prisons there are a number of' b'individuals which were tried in secret and for which their' b'identities, the date of their trial and their imprisonment are' b'state secrets b'' b'4a.\tis it true that some arab countries, like syria, harbor nazi' b'war criminals, and refuse to extradite them?' b'' b'4b.\tis it true that some arab countries, like saudi arabia,' b'prohibit women from driving cars?' b'' b'5. is it true that jews who reside in the muslim' b'countries are subject to different laws than muslims?' b'' b'6. is it true that arab countries confiscated the property of' b'entire jewish communites forced to flee by anti-jewish riots?' b'' b"7. is it true that israel's prime minister, y. rabin, signed" b'a chemical weapons treaty that no arab nation was willing to sign?' b'' b'8. is it true that syrian jews are required to leave a b'deposit before leaving the country, and are no longer allowed to' b'emmigrate, despite promises made by hafez assad to george bush?' b'' b'9.\t is it true that jews in muslim lands are required to pay a' b'special tax, for being jews?' b'' b'10. is it true that intercontinental hotel in jerusalem was built' b'on a jewish cemetary, with roads being paved over grave sites, and' b'gravestones being used in jordanian latrines?' b'' b'11.\tis it really cheesy and inappropriate to post lists of biased' b'leading questions?' b'' b'11a.\tis it less appropriate if information implied in mr.' b"davidsson's questions is highly misleading?" b'' b'adam' b'' b'' b'"if we had a budget big enough for drugs and sexual favors, we sure' b'wouldn\'t waste them on members of congress..." -john perry barlow' 