b'' b'' b'' b'' b' ten questions to israelis' b' b'' b' i would be thankful if any of you who live in israel could help to' b' provide' b' accurate answers to the following specific questions. these are' b' indeed provocative questions but they are asked time and again by' b' people around me.' b'' b" is it true that the israeli authorities don't recognize" b' israeli nationality and that id cards, which israeli citizens' b' must carry at all times, identify people as jews or arabs, not as' b' israelis b'' b'' b"although the hebrew expression le'um is used, the id card specifically states on" b'the 2nd page: ezrachut yisrealit: israeli citizen. this is true for all' b'israeli citizens no matter what their ethnicity. in the united states most' b'official forms have race (caucasian, black, amerindian, etc.).' b'' b'' b' is it true that the state of israel has no fixed borders' b' and that israeli governments from until today have refused to' b' state where the ultimate borders of the state of israel should be' b' b'' b'' b'funny, i have a number of maps and all of them have fixed borders.' b'' b'' b'' b' is it true that israeli stocks nuclear weapons if so,' b' could you provide any evidence b'' b'probably yes. so what b'' b'' b'' b'' b' is it true that in israeli prisons there are a number of' b' individuals which were tried in secret and for which their' b' identities, the date of their trial and their imprisonment are' b' state secrets b'' b'' b'apart from mordechai vanunu who had a trial behind closed doors, there was one' b'other espionage case (the nutty professor at the nes ziona biological' b'institute who was a k.g.b. mole) who was tried "in camera". i wouldn\'t exactly' b'call it a state secret. the trial was simply tried behind closed doors. i hate' b'to disappoint you but the united states has tried a number of espionage cases' b'in camera.' b'' b'' b'' b' is it true that jews who reside in the occupied' b' territories are subject to different laws than non-jews?' b'' b'' b'not jews. israeli citizens. jordanian law is in effect in the west bank but the' b'knesset passed a law that israeli law would be binding on israeli citizens' b'residing in the west bank. these citizens could be jews, israeli muslims, druze,' b'or israeli christians. it has nothing to do with religion.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b' is it true that jews who left palestine in the war b' to avoid the war were automatically allowed to return, while their' b' christian neighbors who did the same were not allowed to return b'' b'anyone who was registered (jew, muslim, christian) could return. you might be' b'confusing this with the census taken in june on the west bank after the' b'six day war. in *this* instance, if the arab was not physically present he' b"couldn't reside on the west bank (e.g. if he had been visting jordan)." b'' b'' b'' b" is it true that israel's prime minister, y. rabin, signed" b' an order for ethnical cleansing in as is done today in' b' bosnia-herzegovina b'' b'' b'no. not even if you drowned him in bourbon, scotch or brandy b'' b'' b'' b' is it true that israeli arab citizens are not admitted as' b' members in kibbutzim?' b'' b'not true. although a minority, there *are* some israeli arabs living on' b"kibbutzim. on the other hand, at my age i wouldn't be admitted to a" b'kibbutz nor could the family join me. not that i would be so thrilled to do so' b'in the first place. the kibbbutz movement places candidates under rigorous' b'membership criteria. many israeli jews are not admitted.' b'' b'' b'' b' is it true that israeli law attempts to discourage' b' marriages between jews and non-jews b'' b'the religious status quo in israel has marriage and divorce handled by the' b'religious courts. the rabbanut handles marriage and divorce for jews, the' b'muslim shaaria courts are for muslims, the christian denominations have their' b'religious courts, and the druze have their own courts. the entire religious' b'establishment (jewish, muslim, druze, christian) wants to keep it that way.' b'' b'' b' is it true that hotel hilton in tel aviv is built on the' b' site of a muslim cemetery b'' b"i believe it's adjacent to a former muslim cemetary. from what i heard (and i'd" b'like to get feedback from muslins on the net) sanctity of cemetaries is not' b'held that sancrosanct as it is held by jews. the current israeli ministry of' b'trade and industry on agron road in jerusalem is housed in a former hotel that' b"was built by arabs in the 1920's on the site of an arab cemetary." b'' b'' b'josh' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b' thanks,' b'' b'' 