b'' b'' b'da] armenia is involved in fighting with azarbaijan. it is armenian' b'da] soldiers from mainland armenia that are shelling towns in azarbaijan.' b'' b' well, this is your opinion b'' b"are you related to 'arromdian' of asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism" b'triangle? if you feel that you can simply act as a fascist armenian' b'governmental crony in this forum you will be sadly mistaken and duly' b'embarrassed. this is not a lecture to another historical revisionist' b'and a genocide apologist, but a fact. this time, fascist x-soviet armenian' b'government will not get away with the genocide of azeri men, women' b'and children. not a chance.' b'' b'' b'the sunday times march b'' b'morgues fill as azeris head for all-out war' b'-------------------------------------------' b'' b'thomas goltz, the first to report the massacre by armenian soldiers in' b'the worst violence since the breakup of the soviet union, reports from' b'agdam' b'------' b'' b'khojaly used to be a barren town, with empty shops and treeless dirt' b'roads. yet it was still home to thousands of people who, in happier' b'times, tended fields and flocks of geese. last week it was wiped off' b'the map.' b'' b'.......' b'' b'as sickening reports trickled in to the azerbaijani border town of' b'agdam, and the bodies piled up in the morgues, there was little doubt' b'that khojaly and the stark foothills and gullies around it had been' b'the site of the most terrible massacre since the soviet union broke' b'apart.' b'.......' b'' b'i was the last westerner to visit khojaly. that was in january and' b'people were predicting their fate with grim resignation. zumrut ezoya,' b'a mother of four on board the helicopter that ferried us into the' b'town, called her community "sitting ducks, ready to get shot". she and' b'her family were among the victims of the massacre on february b'.......' b'' b'"the armenians have taken all the outlying villages, one by one, and' b'the government does nothing." balakisi sakikov, a father of five,' b'said. "next they will drive us out or kill us all," said dilbar, his' b'wife. the couple, their three sons and three daughters were killed in' b'the assault, as were many other people i had spoken to.' b'......' b'' b'"it was close to the armenian lines we knew we would have to cross.' b'there was a road, and the first units of the column ran across then' b'all hell broke loose. bullets were raining down from all sides. we had' b'just entered their trap."' b'' b'the azeri defenders picked off one by one. survivors say that armenian' b'forces then began a pitiless slaughter, firing at anything moved in' b'the gullies. a video taken by an azeri cameraman, wailing and crying' b'as he filmed body after body, showed a grizzly trail of death leading' b'towards higher, forested ground where the villagers had sought refuge' b'from the armenians.' b'' b'"the armenians just shot and shot and shot," said omar veyselov, lying' b'in hospital in agdam with sharapnel wounds. "i saw my wife and' b'daughter fall right by me."' b'' b'people wandered through the hospital corridors looking for news of the' b'loved ones. some vented their fury on foreigners: where is my' b'daughter, where is my son wailed a mother. "raped. butchered. lost."' b'' b'azerbaijan has said as many as refugees were killed as they' b'tried to flee. the armenians have denied this, saying the civilians' b'were caught in "crossfire".' b'.......' b'' b'' b'source: the times, march b'' b'corpses litter hills in karabakh' b'' b'anatol lieven comes under fire while flying with azerbaijani forces to' b'investigate the alleged mass killings of refugees by armenian troops...' b'' b'as we swooped low over the snow-covered hills of nagorno-karabagh we saw' b'the scattered corpses. apparently, the refugees had been shot down as' b'they ran. an azerbaijani film of the places we flew over, shown to' b'journalists afterwards, showed dozens of corpses lying in various parts' b'of the hills.' b'' b'the azerbaijanis claim that as many as have died in a mass killing' b'of azerbaijanis fleeing from the town of khodjaly, seized by armenians' b'last week. a further are believed to be wounded, frozen to death' b'or missing...' b'' b'seven of us squatted in the cabin of an azerbaijani m24 attack helicopter' b'as we flew to investigate the claims of the mass killings. suddenly there' b'was a thump against the underside of the aircraft, a red flash of tracer' b'ripped past the starboard wing, and the helicopter rocked sharply. we' b'swung round, and there was a deafening burst of fire from the cannon' b'under our wing as the helicopter crew returned fire.' b'' b'we had been fired on from an armenian anti-aircraft post. we swung round' b'again, tipped to starboard and appeared to dive straight down into a' b'valley. the brown earth swooped around our heads, the helicopter swung' b'round again and followed the contours of the ground. our cannon fired' b'repeated blasts.' b'' b'later it emerged that a civilian helicopter that we had been escorting' b'had landed successfully at nakhichevanik in the east of the disputed' b'enclave of nagorno-karabakh, to pick up some of the dead. we had, in' b'fact, been attacked both by ground fire and by an armenian helicopter.' b'i had seen the armenian helicopter intermittently through the window,' b'its cannons firing, but had thought mistakenly that it was on' b'"our side". our group of western journalists had embarked on a' b'search-and-rescue flight that had become a combat mission.' b'' b'our flight consisted of the civilian passenger helicopter and two' b'm24 soviet attack helicopters in the azerbaijani service, nicknamed' b'flying crocodiles for their armour. our party was in the second' b"crocodile. the civilian helicopter's job was to land in the mountains" b'and pick up bodies at sites of the mass killings. the attack helicopters' b'were there to give covering fire if necessary.' b'' b'the operation showed a striking sign of the disintegration of the soviet' b'armed forces because our pilot was a russian officer. an azerbaijani' b'official told us that there were now five former soviet military' b'helicopters -and their pilots- fighting for azerbaijan. "they have' b'signed contracts to fly for us," he said. the helicopter we engaged' b'in combat was most probably flown by a brother-officer of our russian' b'pilot, but fighting for the armenians.' b'' b'we had taken off just before 5pm on saturday from agdam airfield, an' b'heated for the armenian-controlled mountains of karabakh, a sheer' b'white wall in the distance. the civilian helicopter picked up four' b'corpses, and it was during this and a previous mission that an' b'azerbaijani cameraman filmed the several the several dozen bodies' b'on the hillsides. we then took off again in a hurry and speed back' b'towards azerbaijani lines. azerbaijani gunners on the last hill before' b'the plain and safety gazed up at us as we passed.' b'' b'back at the airfield in agdam, we took a look the bodies the' b'civilian helicopter had picked up. two old men a small girl were' b'covered with blood, their limbs contorted by the cold and rigor' b'mortis. they had been shot.' b'' b'what did our russian pilot think of the tragedy, our close shave,' b'and the war in nagorno-karabakh? he gave us cheerful grin, politely' b'declined to answer ques tions, and marched off to his dinner.' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 