b'' b'' b'instabul was called konstantinoupolis from ad until about the 1920s.' b"that's about years. there many people alive today who were born in" b'a city called konstantinoupolis.' b'' b"i know it doesn't make sense, but since when is 'napoleon' about" b'sense, anyway? further striking bigoted and racist attitude of' b'certain greeks still exists in our day. most greeks insist even' b'today, that the year-old capital of the ottoman empire should' b'be called not by its rightful name of istanbul, but by its half' b"a millennium-old moniker 'cons*(whatever).'" b'' b"everyone knows that new york city was once called 'new amsterdam'" b'but dutch people do not persist on calling it that today. the name' b"of stalingrad too is long gone, replaced by volgagrad. china's" b'peking traded its name for beiging long ago. ciudad trujillo' b"of the dominican republic is now santa domingo. zimbabve's" b'old colonial capital salisburry became harrare. these changes' b'have all been accepted officially by everyone in the world.' b'' b'but, greeks are still determined on calling the turkish istanbul' b"by the name of 'cons*.'" b'' b'how can one explain this total intransigence? what makes greeks' b'so different from other mortals? 18-year-old questionable' b"democracy? why don't they seem to reconcile with the fact," b'for instance, that istanbul changed hands years ago in' b'1453 ad, and that this predates the discovery of the new' b'world, by years. the declaration of u.s. independence' b'in will come years later.' b'' b"shouldn't then, half a millennium be considered enough time for" b"'cons*' to be called a turkish city? where is the logic in the" b'greek reasoning, if there is any? how long can one sit on the' b'laurels of an ancient civilization? ancient greece does not exist,' b'any more than any other civilizations that existed on the soil' b'of anatolia.' b'' b"these undereducated 'wieneramus' live with an illusion. it" b'is the same mentality which allows them to rationalize' b'that cyprus is a greek island. no history book shows' b"that it ever was. it belonged to the ottoman turks 'lock," b"stock and barrel' for a period of well over years." b'' b"in fact, prior to the turks' acquisition of it, following" b'bloody naval battles with the venetians in ad, the' b'island of cyprus belonged, invariably, to several nations:' b'' b'the assyrians, the sumerians, the phoenicians, the egyptians,' b'the ottoman turks, of course in that order, owned it as' b'their territory. but, it has never been the possession' b'of the government of greece not even for one day b'in the history of the world. moreover, cyprus is' b'located miles from the greek mainland, but only' b"40 miles from turkiye's southern coastline." b'' b'saddam hussein claims that kuwait was once iraqi' b'territory and the greek cypriot government and' b'the terrorist greek governments think that cyprus' b'also was once part of the greek hegemony.' b'' b"those 'arromdians' involved in this grandiose hallucination" b'should wake up from their sweet daydreams and confront' b'reality. again, wishful thinking is unproductive, only' b'facts count.' b'' b'as for selanik,' b'' b'<<those jews who survived these assaults in southeastern europe fled' b'particularly to salonica, whose jewish population increased substantially' b'as a result, from in to in more than half the' b'total population, though even there increased persecution by local greeks' b'led many jews to flee elsewhere in the ottoman empire, particularly to' b'the great port of izmir.' b'' b'despite all the pressure from ottomans and foreign jews alike, the ritual' b'murders and other assaults by christians on jews went on and on. greek' b'efforts to decimate the jewish population of salonica culminated in b'and following greek conquest of salonica during the first balkan war,' b'when many of its jews, were either killed or terrorized into leaving...' b'' b'<<though greece was obligated by the post world war i treaties to allow' b'jews and other minorities to use their own languages in education and to' b'practice their religions without hindrance, a law was issued in b'which forbad all inhabitants from working on sunday, stimulating a new' b'jewish exodus as it was intended to do. between and there was a' b'series of anti-semitic riots in salonica, with the cambel quarter, where' b'most of the remaining jews lived, being burned to the ground. this' b'was followed by regulations requiring the use of greek and prohibiting' b'hebrew and judea-spanish in the jewish schools. a start was made also' b'on expropriating the land of the principal jewish cemetery in salonica' b'for use by the new university in order to derive the jews out by' b'killing and driving out large numbers of jews, the greeks left a' b'substantial greek majority in the city for the first time, and starting' b'salonica jewry on the way to its final decimation by the nazis during the' b'occupation of greece starting in b'' b'salonica and izmir of course were not the only places of refuge for' b'jewish refugees entering the empire during its last century of existence.' b'istanbul, edirne, and other parts of rumelia and anatolia received' b'thousands more. nor were jews the only refugees received and helped by' b'the government of the sultan. thousands of muslims accompanied them in' b'flight from similar persecutions wherever balkan christian states gained' b'independence or expanded. the russian conquest of the crimea and the' b'caucasus starting in the late eighteenth century, and particularly during' b'and after the crimean war, combined with the same independence movements' b'in southeastern europe that had caused so much suffering and flight among' b'its jews caused thousands of helpless, ill, and poverty-stricken muslim' b'refugees to accompany them into the ever shrinking boundaries of the' b'ottoman empire, with the istanbul government struggling mightly but vainly' b'to house and feed them as best it could. from to as many as' b'800,000 crimean tatars, circassians, and other muslims from north and' b'east of the black sea had entered anatolia alone, as many as more' b'came during the next twenty years, while refugees entered in b'1877 as a result of the ottoman wars with russia and the balkan states,' b'with an equal number gaining refuge in the european portions of the' b'empire.' b'' b"[47] robert mantran, 'la structure sociale de la communaute juive de" b"salonqiue a la fin du dix-neuvieme siecle', rh no.534 b'nehama vii, joseph nehama (salonica) to aiu (paris) no.2868/2,' b'12 may (aiu archives i-c-43); and no.2775, january (aiu' b'archives i-c-41), describing daily battles between jewish and greek' b'children in the streets of salonica. benghiat, director of ecole moise' b'allatini, salonica, to aiu (paris), no.7784, december (aiu' b'archives i-c-48), describing greek attacks on jews, boycotts of jewish' b'shops and manufacturers, and greek press campaigns leading to blood libel' b'attacks. cohen, ecole secondaire moise allatini, salonica, to aiu (paris),' b'no.7745/4, december (aiu archives i-c-49) describes a week of terror' b'that followed the greek army occupation of salonica in with the' b'soldiers pillaging the jewish quarters and destroying jewish synagogues,' b"accompanied by what he described as an 'explosion of hatred' by local" b'greek population against local jews and muslims. mizrahi, president of the' b'aiu at salonica, reported to the aiu (paris), no.2704/3, july b"(aiu archives i-c-51) that 'it was not only the irregulars (comitadjis)" b'that massacred, pillaged and burned. the army soldiers, the chief of' b'police, and the high civil officials also took an active part in the' b"horrors...', moise tovi (salonica) to aiu (paris) no.3027 august b'(aiu archives i-c-51) describes the greek pillage of the jewish quarter' b'during the night of august b'' b'(aiu alliance israelite universelle, paris.)' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 