b'' b'' b'at last, i hope that the u.s. insists that turkey stay out of the karabakh' b'crisis so that the repeat of the cyprus invasion will never occur again.' b'' b"do you have a terminal cold? karabag is 'turkish' and will remain" b"'turkish'. here we are, almost at the end of the 20th century, and" b'a whole community, the azeri turks of x-soviet armenia and karabag,' b'is facing forced assimilation, torture and murder on one hand and' b'forced exodus, expulsion and genocide on the other, all because' b'of their ethnic and religious background. and one should ask herself:' b'is the world community really so powerless? where are all those human' b'rights advocates? where are all the decent people? are we going to' b'let this human tragedy go on and do nothing about it? the number' b'of azeris murdered by the terrorist armenian army and its savage' b'gangs is increasing. on the one hand they wish to distort the truth' b'and on the other, they beg mercy from turkiye.' b'' b'the age...melbourne...6/3/92' b'' b'by helen womack agdam, azerbaijan, thursday' b'' b'the exact number of victims is still unclear, but there can be' b'little doubt that azeri civilians were massacred by armenian' b'fighters in the snowy mountains of nagorno-karabakh last week.' b'' b'refugees from the enclave town of khojaly, sheltering in the' b'azeri border town of agdam, give largely consistent accounts of' b'how their enemies attacked their homes on the night of b'february, chased those who fled and shot them in the' b'surrounding forests. yesterday, i saw freshly dug graves in' b'one cemetery in addition to four mutilated corpses we were' b'shown in the mosque when we arrived in agdam late on tuesday. i' b'also saw women and children with bullet wounds in a makeshift' b'hospital in a string of railway carriages.' b'' b'khojaly, an azeri settlement in the enclave mostly populated by' b'armenians, had a population of about mr. rashid mamedov' b'commander of police in agdam, said only about escaped to' b'his town. so where are the rest?". some might have taken' b'prisoner, he said, or fled. many bodies were still lying in the' b'mountains because the azeris were short of helicopters to' b'retrieve them. he believed more than had perished, some of' b'cold in temperatures as low as minus degrees.' b'' b'one refugee, rami nasiru, described how khojaly residents at' b'first thought the attack was no more than the routine shooting' b'to which they had become accustomed in four years of conflict.' b'but when they saw the armenians with a convoy of armored' b'personnel carriers, they realised they could not hope to defend' b'themselves with machineguns and grenades, and fled into the' b'forests. in the small hours, the massacre started.' b'' b'mr. nasiru, who believes his wife and two children were taken' b'prisoner, repeated what many other refugees have said that' b'troops of the former soviet army helped the armenians to attack' b'khojaly. "it is not my opinion, i saw it with my own eyes."' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 