b'' b'' b'oy] henrik b"oy] your ignorance manifests itself in an awkward form of intransigence. i'm not" b'oy] going to spend time to review with you the recent history of cyprus.' b'' b'\tgood go back to your references and read it over and over b'' b'i wish the fascist x-soviet armenian government would do that. well,' b'if you prefer to imagine that the american, european, jewish and armenian' b"scholars were trying to mislead 'arromdians', be my guest." b'' b'' b'source: stanford j. shaw, on armenian collaboration with invading russian' b'armies in "history of the ottoman empire and modern turkey (volume' b'ii: reform, revolution republic: the rise of modern turkey, b'(london, cambridge university press pp. b'' b'"in april dashnaks from russian armenia organized a revolt in the city' b'of van, whose armenians comprised percent of the population,' b'closest to an armenian majority of any city in the empire...leaving erivan' b'on april armenian volunteers reached van on may and organized' b'and carried out a general slaughter of the local muslim population during' b'the next two days while the small ottoman garrison had to retreat to the' b'southern side of the lake."' b'' b'' b'source: "world alive, a personal story" by robert dunn. crown publishers,' b'inc., new york b'(memoirs of an american officer who witnessed the armenian genocide of b'million muslim people)' b'' b'p. (seventh paragraph) and p. (first paragraph).' b'' b"'the most are inside houses. come you and look.'" b"'no, dammit! my stomach isn't-'" b"'one is a turkish officer in uniform. him you must see.'" b'"we were under those trees by the mosque, in an open space....' b'\'i don\'t believe you," i said, but followed to a nail-studded door. the' b'man pushed it ajar, then spurred away, leaving me to check on the corpse.' b'i thought i should, this charge was so constant, so gritted my teeth and' b'went inside.' b'' b'the place was cool but reeked of sodden ashes, and was dark at first, for' b'its stone walls had only window slits. rags strewed the mud floor around an' b'iron tripod over embers that vented their smoke through roof beams black' b'with soot. all looked bare and empty, but in an inner room flies buzzed. as' b"the door swung shut behind me i saw they came from a man's body lying face" b'up, naked but for its grimy turban. he was about fifty years old by what' b'was left of his face a rifle butt had bashed an eye. the one left slanted,' b'as with tartars rather than with turks. any uniform once on him was gone, so' b"i'd no proof which he was, and quickly went out, gagging at the mess of his" b'slashed genitals."' b'' b'p. (first paragraph).' b'' b"'how many people lived there?'" b"'oh, about eight hundred.' he yawned." b"'did you see any turk officers?'" b"'no, sir. i was in at dawn. all were tartar civilians in mufti.'" b'' b'"the lieutenant dozed off, then i, but in the small hours a voice woke me b"dro's. he stood in the starlight bawling out an officer. anyone keelhauled" b"so long and furiously i'd never heard. then abruptly dro broke into" b"laughter, quick and simple as child's. both were a cover for his sense" b'of guilt, i thought, or hoped. for somehow, despite my boast of irreligion,' b"christian massacring 'infidels' was more horrible than the reverse would" b'have been.' b'' b'from daybreak on, armenian villagers poured in from miles around.....' b'the women plundered happily, chattering like ravens as they picked over' b"the carcass of djul. they hauled out every hovel's chattels, the last" b'scrap of food or cloth, and staggered away, packing pots, saddlebags,' b'looms, even spinning-wheels.' b'' b"'thank you for a lot, dro,' i said to him back in camp. 'but now i must" b"leave.'...we shook hands, the captain said 'a bientot, mon camarade.' and" b'for hours the old molokan scout and i plodded north across parching plains.' b"like lot's wife i looked back once to see smoke bathing all, doubtless in" b'a sack of other moslem villages up to the line of snow that was iran.\'"' b'' b'p. b'' b'"at morning tea, dro and his officers spread out a map of this whole' b'high region called the karabakh. deep in tactics, they spoke russian,' b"but i got their contempt for allied 'neutral' zones and their distrust" b'of promises made by tribal chiefs. a campaign shaped; more raids on' b'moslem villages."' b'' b'p. b'' b'"it will be three hours to take," dro told me. we\'d close in on three' b'sides.' b'"the men on foot will not shoot, but use only the bayonets," merrimanov' b'said, jabbing a rifle in dumbshow.' b'"that is for morale," dro put in. "we must keep the moslems in terror."' b'"soldiers or civilians?" i asked.' b'"there is no difference," said dro. "all are armed, in uniform or not."' b'"but the women and children?"' b'"will fly with the others as best they may."' b'' b'p. b'' b'"the ridges circled a wide expanse, its floors still. hundreds of feet' b"down, the fog held, solid as cotton flock. 'djul lies under that,' said" b"dro, pointing. 'our men also attack from the other sides.'" b'' b"then, 'whee-ee!' his whistle lined up all at the rock edge. bayonets" b'clicked upon carbines. over plunged archo, his black haunches rippling;' b'then followed the staff, the horde nose to tail, bellies taking the' b'spur. armenia in action seemed more like a pageant than war, even though' b'i heard our utica brass roar.' b'' b'as i watched from the height, it took ages for djul to show clear. a tsing' b'of machine-gun fire took over from the thumping batteries; cattle lowed,' b'dogs barked, invisible, while i ate a hunk of cheese and drank from a snow' b'puddle. mist at last folded upward as men shouted, at first heard faintly.' b'the came a shrill wailing.' b'' b'now among the cloud-streaks rose darker wisps smoke. red glimmered about' b'house walls of stone or wattle, into dry weeds on roofs. a mosque stood in' b'clump of trees, thick and green. through crooked alleys on fire, horsemen' b'were galloping after figures both mounted and on foot.' b'' b"'tartarski!' shouted the gunner by me. others pantomimed them in escape" b'over the rocks, while one twisted a bronze shell-nose, loaded, and yanked' b'breech-cord, firing again and again. shots wasted, i thought, when by' b'afternoon i looked in vain for fallen branch or body. but these shots and' b"the white bursts of shrapnel in the gullies drowned the women's cries." b'' b'at length all shooting petered out. i got on my horse and rode down toward' b'djul. it burned still but little flame showed now. the way was steep and' b'tough, through dense scrub. finally on flatter ground i came out suddenly,' b'through alders, on smoldering houses. across trampled wheat my brothers-in-' b'arms were leading off animals, several calves and a lamb."' b'' b'p. (fourth paragraph).' b'' b'"corpses came next, the first a pretty child with straight black hair,' b'large eyes. she looked about twelve years old. she lay in some stubble' b"where meal lay scattered from the sack she'd been toting. the bayonet" b'had gone through her back, i judged, for blood around was scant. between' b'the breasts one clot, too small for a bullet wound, crusted her homespun' b'dress.' b'' b'the next was a boy of ten or less, in rawhide jacket and knee-pants. he' b'lay face down in the path by several huts. one arm reached out to the' b"pewter bowl he'd carried, now upset upon its dough. steel had jabbed" b'just below his neck, into the spine.' b'' b'there were grownups, too, i saw as i led the sorrel around. djul was' b"empty of the living till i looked up to see beside me dro's german-speaking" b'colonel. he said all tartars who had not escaped were dead."' b'' b'p. b'' b'"...more stories of armenian murdering turks when the czarist troops fled' b'north. my hosts told me of their duty here: to keep tabs on brigands,' b'turkish troop shifts, hidden arms, spies christian, red or tartar b'coming in from transcaucasus. then they spoke of the hell that would' b"break loose if versailles were to put, as threatened, the six 'armenian'" b'vilayets of turkey under the control of erevan...' b'' b'an armenia without armenians! turks under christian rule? his lips' b"smacked in irony under the droopy red moustache. that's bloodshed just" b'smyrna over again on a bigger scale."' b'' b'' b'source: "u.s. library of congress": \'bristol papers\' general' b'correspondence container b'' b'"while the dashnaks were in power they did everything in the world to keep the' b'pot boiling by attacking kurds, turks and tartars; by committing outrages' b'against the moslems; by massacring the moslems; and robbing and destroying' b'their homes;....during the last two years the armenians in russian caucasus' b'have shown no ability to govern themselves and especially no ability to' b'govern or handle other races under their power."' b'' b'' b'source: k. gurun, "the armenian file," (london, nicosia, istanbul, b'' b'"many muslim villages have been destroyed by the soldiers of armenian troops' b'armed with cannons and machine guns before the eyes of our troops and the' b'people.....according to documented information, muslim villages have' b'been destroyed...young muslim women have been taken to kars and gumru,' b'hundreds of women and children who were able to flee their villages were' b'beaten and killed in the mountains..."' b'' b'source: w. e. d. allen and paul muratoff, "caucasian battlefields,"' b'cambridge university press, p. b'' b'"as the armenians found support among the reds (who regarded the tartars' b'as a counter-revolutionary elements) the fighting soon became a massacre' b'of the tartar population."' b'' b'' b'source: general bronsart wrote as follows in an article in the july b'1921 issue of the newspaper "deutsche allgemeine zeitung:"' b'' b'"since all the moslems capable of bearing arms were in the turkish army,' b'it was easy to organize a terrible massacre by the armenians against' b'defenseless people, because the armenians were not only attacking the' b'sides and rear of the eastern army paralyzed at the front by the' b'russians, but were attacking the moslem folk in the region as well."' b'' b'source: quoted by general hamelin in a letter to the high commissioner,' b'february in the official history, "les armees francaises' b'au levant," vol. p. b'' b'"they [armenians] burned and destroyed many turkish villages as punitive' b'measures in their advance and practically all turkish villages in their' b'retreat from marash."' b'' b'source: john dewey, "the turkish tragedy", the new republic, volume b'november pp. b'' b'"that they [armenians] boasted of having raised an army of one hundred' b'and fifty thousand men to fight a civil war, and that they burned at' b'least a hundred turkish villages and exterminated their population."' b'' b'need i go on?' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 