b'' b'accounts of anti-armenian human right violations in azerbaijan b'prelude to current events in nagorno-karabakh' b'' b'+-------------------------------------------------------+' b'| b'| on the way the driver says, "in fact there aren\'t any b"| armenians left. 'they burned them all, beat them all, b'| and stabbed them." b'|\t\t\t\t\t\t\t|' b'+-------------------------------------------------------+' b'' b'deposition of vanya bagratovich bazian' b'' b'born b'foreman' b'baku spetsmontazh administration (umsmr-1)' b'' b'resident at building apartment b'block b'sumgait [azerbaijan]' b'' b'' b'during the first days of the events, the 27th and the 28th [of february], i' b'was away on a business trip. on the 10th i had got my crew, done the paper-' b"work, and left for the zhdanov district. that's in azerbaijan, near the" b'nagorno karabagh region.' b'' b'after the 14th, rumors started to the effect that in karabagh, specifically' b'in stepanakert, an uprising had taken place. they said "uprising" in' b"azerbaijani, but i don't think it was really an uprising, just a" b'demonstration. after that the unrest started. several armenians living in the' b'zhdanov district were injured. how were they injured? they were beaten, even' b'women; it was said that they were at the demonstrations, but they live here,' b'and went from here to karabagh to demonstrate. after that i felt uneasy. there' b'were some conversations about armenians among the local population: the' b'armenians had done this, the armenians had done that. right there at the site.' b'i was attacked a couple of times by kids. well true, the guys from my crew' b"wouldn't let them come at me with cables and knives. after that i felt really" b"bad. i didn't know where to go. i up and called home. and my children tell me," b'"there\'s unrest everywhere, be careful." well i had a project going on. i told' b'the second secretary of the district party committee what had been going on' b"and said i wanted to take my crew off the site. they wouldn't allow it, they" b'said, "nothing\'s going to happen to you, we\'ve entrusted the matter to the' b'police, we\'ve warned everyone in the district, nothing will happen to you."' b'well, in fact they did especially detail us a policeman to look after me, he' b'knows all the local people and would protect me if something happened. this' b"man didn't leave me alone for five minutes: he was at work the whole time and" b'afterward he spent the night with us, too.' b'' b'i sense some disquiet and call home; my wife also tells me, "the situation is' b'very tense, be careful."' b'' b'we finished the job at the site, and i left for sumgait first thing on the' b'morning of the 29th. when we left the guys warned me, they told me that i' b"shouldn't tell anyone on the way that i was an armenian. i took someone else's" b'business travel documents, in the name of zardali, and hid my own. i hid it' b'and my passport in my socks. we set out for baku. our guys were on the bus,' b'they sat behind, and i sat up front. in baku they had come to me and said that' b'they had to collect all of our travel documents just in case. as it turns out' b'they knew what was happening in sumgait.' b'' b'i arrive at the bus station and there they tell me that the city of sumgait is' b'closed, there is no way to get there. that the city is closed off and the' b"buses aren't running. buses normally leave baku for sumgait almost every two" b'minutes. and suddenly--no buses. well, we tried to get there via private' b'drivers. one man, an azerbaijani, said, "let\'s go find some other way to get' b'there." they found a light transport vehicle and arranged for the driver to' b'take us to sumgait.' b'' b'he took us there. but the others had said, "i wouldn\'t go if you gave me a' b'thousand rubles." "why?" "because they\'re burning the city and killing the' b'armenians. there isn\'t an armenian left." well i got hold of myself so i could' b'still stand up. so we squared it away, the four of us got in the car, and we' b'set off for sumgait. on the way the driver says, "in fact there aren\'t any' b'armenians left. \'they burned them all, beat them all, and stabbed them." well' b'i was silent. the whole way--20-odd miles--i was silent. the driver asks me,' b'"how old are you, old man?" he wants to know: if i\'m being that quiet, not' b'saying anything, maybe it means i\'m an armenian. "how old are you?" he asks' b'me. i say, "i\'m "i\'m too, but i call you \'old man\'." i say, "it' b'depends on god, each person\'s life in this world is different." i look much' b"older than my years, that's why he called me old man. well after that he was" b'silent, too.' b'' b"we're approaching the city, i look and see tanks all around, and a cordon." b'before we get to the kavkaz store the driver starts to wave his hand. well, he' b"was waving his hand, we all start waving our hands. i'm sitting there with" b'them, i start waving my hand, too. i realized that this was a sign that meant' b'there were no armenians with us.' b'' b'i look at the city--there is a crowd of people walking down the middle of the' b"street, you know, and there's no traffic. well probably i was scared. they" b'stopped our car. people were standing on the sidewalks. they have armature' b'shafts, and stones and they stopped us b'' b"along the way the driver tells us how they know who's an armenian and who's" b"not. the armenians usually for example, i'm an armenian, but i speak" b'their language very well. well armenians usually pronounce the azeri word for' b'"nut," or "little nut," as "pundukh," but "fundukh" is actually correct. the' b'pronunciations are different. anyone who says "pundukh," even if they\'re not' b'armenian, they immediately take out and start to slash. another one says,' b'"there was a car there, with five people inside it," he says. "they started' b"hitting the side of it with an axe and lit it on fire. and they didn't let the" b'people out," he says, "they wouldn\'t let them get out of the car." i only saw' b'the car, but the driver says that he saw everything. well he often drives from' b'baku to sumgait and back b'' b"when they stop us we all get out of the car. i look and there's a short guy," b'his eyes are gleaming, he has an armature shaft in one hand and a stone in' b'the other and asks the guys what nationality they are one by one. "we\'re' b'azerbaijani,\' they tell him, \'no armenians here." he did come up to me when' b'we were pulling our things out and says, "maybe you\'re an armenian, old man?"' b'but in azerbaijani i say, "you should be ashamed of yourself!" and he' b'left. turned and left. that was all that happened. what was i to do? i had' b'to the city was on fire, but i had to steal my children out of my own' b'home.' b'' b"they stopped us at the entrance to mir street, that's where the kavkaz store" b"and three large, 12-story buildings are. that's the beginning of down-town. i" b'saw that burned automobile there, completely burned, only metal remained. i' b"couldn't figure out if it was a zhiguli or a zaporozhets. later i was told it" b'was a zhiguli. and the people in there were completely incinerated. nothing' b'remained of them, not even any traces. that driver had told me about it, and i' b'saw the car myself. the car was there. the skeleton, a metallic carcass. about' b'30 to yards from the kavkaz store.' b'' b'i see a military transport, an armored personnel carrier. the hatches are' b'closed. and people are throwing armature shafts and pieces of iron at it, the' b"crowd is. and i hear shots, not automatic fire, it's true, but pistol shots." b'several shots. there were azerbaijanis crowded around that personnel carrier.' b'someone in the crowd was shooting. apparently they either wanted to kill the' b'soldiers or get a machine gun or something. at that point there was only one' b'armored personnel carrier. and all the tanks were outside the city, cordoning' b'off sumgait.' b'' b'i walked on. i see two azerbaijanis going home from the plant. i can tell by' b"their gait that they're not bandits, they're just people, walking home. i" b'joined them so in case something happened, in case someone came up to us' b'and asked questions, either of us would be in a position to answer, you see.' b"but i avoided the large groups because i'm a local and might be quickly" b'recognized. i tried to keep at a distance, and walked where there were fewer' b'people. well so i walked into microdistrict which is across from our block.' b"i can't get into our block, but i walked where there were fewer people, so as" b'to get around. well there i see a tall guy and to people are walking' b'behind him. and he\'s shouting into a megaphone: "comrades, the armenian-' b'azerbaijani war has begun!"' b'' b"the police have megaphones like that. so they're talking and walking around" b"the second microdistrict. i see that they're coming my way, and turn off" b'behind a building. i noticed that they walked around the outside buildings,' b'and inside the microdistricts there were about or people standing on every' b'corner, and at the middles of the buildings, and at the edges. what they were' b"doing i can't say, because i couldn't get up close to them, i was afraid. but" b'the most important thing was to get away from there, to get home, and at least' b'find out if my children were alive or not b'' b'april b'yerevan' b'' b'- reference b'' b'[1] _the sumgait tragedy; pogroms against armenians in soviet azerbaijan,' b'volume i, eyewitness accounts_, edited by samuel shahmuradian, forward by' b'yelena bonner, published by aristide d. caratzas, ny, pages b'' b'' b'--' b"s.d.p.a. center for regional studies the armenian border, when we can't" b'p.o. box even explain b'cambridge, ma turkish mp, march 