b'' b'newsgroups: talk.politics.mideast' b'date: apr gmt' b'organization: case western reserve university, cleveland, ohio (usa)' b'' b'' b' although i realize that principle is not one of your strongest' b'points, i would still like to know why do do not ask any question' b'of this sort about the arab countries.' b'' b' if you want to continue this think tank charade of yours, your' b'fixation on israel must stop. you might have to start asking the' b'same sort of questions of arab countries as well. you realize it' b"would not work, as the arab countries' treatment of jews over the" b'last several decades is so bad that your fixation on israel would' b'begin to look like the biased attack that it is.' b'' b" everyone in this group recognizes that your stupid 'center for" b"policy research' is nothing more than a fancy name for some bigot" b'who hates israel.' b'' b" why don't you try being honest about your hatred of israel? i" b'have heard that your family once lived in israel, but the members' b'of your family could not cut the competition there. is this true' b'about your family? is this true about you? is this actually not' b'about israel, but is really a personal vendetta? why are you not' b'the least bit objective about israel? do you think that the name' b'of your phony-baloney center hides your bias in the least? get a' b"clue, mr. davidsson. haven't you realized yet that when you post" b'such stupidity in this group, you are going to incur answers from' b"people who are armed with the truth? haven't you realized that a" b'piece of selective data here and a piece there does not make up a' b"truth? haven't you realized that you are in over your head? the" b'people who read this group are not as stupid as you would hope or' b'need them to be. this is not the place for such pseudo-analysis.' b'you will be continually ripped to shreds, until you start to show' b'some regard for objectivity. or you can continue to show what an' b'anti-israel zealot you are, trying to disguise your bias behind a' b"pompous name like the 'center for policy research.' you ought to" b"know that you are a laughing stock, your 'center' is considered a" b'joke, and until you either go away, or make at least some attempt' b'to be objective, you will have a place of honor among the clowns,' b'bigots, and idiots of usenet.' b'' b"i couldn't have said it better, mark!" b'' b'- mike.' 