b'' b'' b'seems to me that a lot of good muslims would care about those terms.' b'especially those affected by the ideology and actions that such terms' b'decscribe. the bosnians suffering from such bigotry comes to mind. they' b"get it from people who call them 'dirty descendants of turks', from" b"people who hate their religion, and from those who don't think they are" b'really muslims at all since they are white. the suffering that they are' b'' b"let us not forget about the genocide of the azeri people in 'karabag'" b'and x-soviet armenia by the armenians. between and armenians' b'committed unheard-of crimes, resorted to all conceivable methods of' b'despotism, organized massacres, poured petrol over babies and burned' b'them, raped women and girls in front of their parents who were bound' b'hand and foot, took girls from their mothers and fathers and appropriated' b'personal property and real estate. and today, they put azeris in the most' b'unbearable conditions any other nation had ever known in history.' b'' b'' b'aref sadikov sat quietly in the shade of a cafe-bar on the' b'caspian sea esplanade of baku and showed a line of stitches in' b'his trousers, torn by an armenian bullet as he fled the town of' b'hojali just over three months ago, writes hugh pope.' b'' b'"i\'m still wearing the same clothes, i don\'t have any others,"' b'the 51-year-old carpenter said, beginning his account of the' b'hojali disaster. "i was wounded in five places, but i am lucky to' b'be alive."' b'' b'mr sadikov and his wife were short of food, without electricity' b'for more than a month, and cut off from helicopter flights for b'days. they sensed the armenian noose was tightening around the' b'2,000 to people left in the straggling azeri town on the' b'edge of karabakh.' b'' b'"at about 11pm a bombardment started such as we had never heard' b'before, eight or nine kinds of weapons, artillery, heavy' b'machine-guns, the lot," mr sadikov said.' b'' b'soon neighbours were pouring down the street from the direction' b'of the attack. some huddled in shelters but others started' b'fleeing the town, down a hill, through a stream and through the' b'snow into a forest on the other side.' b'' b'to escape, the townspeople had to reach the azeri town of agdam' b'about miles away. they thought they were going to make it,' b'until at about dawn they reached a bottleneck between the two' b'armenian villages of nakhchivanik and saderak.' b'' b'"none of my group was hurt up to then then we were spotted by' b'a car on the road, and the armenian outposts started opening' b'fire," mr sadikov said.' b'' b'azeri militiamen fighting their way out of hojali rushed forward' b'to force open a corridor for the civilians, but their efforts' b'were mostly in vain. mr sadikov said only people from his' b'group of made it through, including his wife and militiaman' b'son. seven of his immediate relations died, including his' b'67-year-old elder brother.' b'' b'"i only had time to reach down and cover his face with his hat,"' b'he said, pulling his own big flat turkish cap over his eyes. "we' b'have never got any of the bodies back."' b'' b'the first groups were lucky to have the benefit of covering fire.' b'one hero of the evacuation, alif hajief, was shot dead as he' b"struggled to change a magazine while covering the third group's" b'crossing, mr sadikov said.' b'' b'another hero, elman memmedov, the mayor of hojali, said he and' b'several others spent the whole day of february in the bushy' b'hillside, surrounded by dead bodies as they tried to keep three' b'armenian armoured personnel carriers at bay.' b'' b'as the survivors staggered the last mile into agdam, there was' b'little comfort in a town from which most of the population was' b'soon to flee.' b'' b'"the night after we reached the town there was a big armenian' b'rocket attack. some people just kept going," mr sadikov said. "i' b'had to get to the hospital for treatment. i was in a bad way.' b'they even found a bullet in my sock."' b'' b'victims of war: an azeri woman mourns her son, killed in the' b'hojali massacre in february (left). nurses struggle in primitive' b'conditions (centre) to save a wounded man in a makeshift' b'operating theatre set up in a train carriage. grief-stricken' b'relatives in the town of agdam (right) weep over the coffin of' b'another of the massacre victims. calculating the final death toll' b'has been complicated because muslims bury their dead within b'hours.' b'' b'photographs: liu heung ap' b'frederique lengaigne reuter' b'' b"the independent, london, b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 