b'' b'' b'in my postings i have made a proposal for comments and discussion.' b"those who don't want to discuss its merits and drawbacks are not forced to" b'do so.' b'' b'however i would make anybody who incites others to harm me or harass' b'in a personal manner, legally responsible for their deeds. i cannot' b'accept and will not accept threats to my personal integrity and i' b'urge anybody who opposes terror to refrain from direct or indriect' b'threats.' b'' b'ps: my proposal has nothing to do with nazi eugenics. it has to do with' b"the search for peace which would enable justice. i don't consider that" b'justice is done, when non-jews who fled or were expelled in b'are not permitted to return to their homeland. this can at best be called' b'pragmatism, a nice word for legitimizing the rule of the strong. it can' b'never be called justice. and peace without justice will never be peace.' b'it is my conviction that the situation in which a state, through the' b'law, attempts to discourage mixed marriages (as israel does), is not' b'normal. such a state resembles more nazi germany and south africa than' b'western democracies, such as the united states, in which jews are free to' b'marry whom they wish and do so in the thousands. my proposal may have' b'drawbacks but it is meant to force anybody to anything, just to' b'compensate for a certain time mixed couples for the hardships tehy' b'endure in a society which disapproves of intermarriage.when the day' b'will come and israel will become a truly civil and decmoractic society,' b'in which the state is not concerned with the religious or ethnic' b'affiliation of its constituency, such a fund would not be needed any' b"more. i don't mind if jews wish to marry jews and keep their" b'traditions, why not but this is not the affairs of a state. western' b'democracy clearly separates these domains and i am certain that' b'most' b'american jews enjoy this fact and would not love to live in a state termed' b'christian state and to have their green cards stamped with a mark jew.' b'' b'i would ask those who are genuinely interested in an exchange of views' b'and personal experiencces to refrain from emotional, infantile' b'outbursts which might leed readers to infer that jews who respect' b'judaism are uncivilized. such behaviour is not good for judaism.' b'' b'elias' b'' 