b'' b'' b'you may not be afraid of anything but you act as if you are.' b'' b'i always like your kind of odds. the greek governments must be held' b'to account for the sub-human conditions of the turkish minority living' b'in the western thrace under the brutal greek domination. the religious' b'persecution, cultural oppression and economical ex-communication applied' b'to the turkish population in that area are the dimensions of the human' b'rights abuse widespread in greece.' b'' b'"greece\'s housing policies worry western thrace turks"' b'' b'...newly built houses belonging to members of the minority' b'community in dedeagac province, had, he said, been destroyed' b'by evros province public works department on dec. b'' b'sungar added that they had received harsh treatment by the' b'security forces during the demolition.' b'' b'"this is not the first demolition in dedeagac province; more' b'than houses were destroyed there between and' b'members of that minority community were made homeless," he' b'continued.' b'' b'"greece government rail-roads two turkish ethnic deputies"' b'' b'while world human rights organizations scream, greeks' b'persistently work on removing the parliamentary immunity' b'of dr. sadik ahmet and mr. ahmet faikoglu.' b'' b'in his 65-page confession, salman demirok, a former chief of pkk' b'operations in hakkari confessed that high-level relations between' b'pkk, greece and greek cypriot administration existed.' b'' b'according to demirok, greek cypriot administration not only' b'gives shelter to pkk guerillas but also supplies them with' b'food and weapons at the temporary camps set up in its territory.' b'demirok disclosed that pkk has three safe houses in south cyprus,' b'used by terrorists such as ferhat. in the camps, he added,' b"terrorists were trained to use various weapons including rpg's" b'and anti-aircraft guns which had been purchased directly from' b'the greek government. greek cypriot government has gone to the' b'extent of issuing special identification cards to pkk members so' b'that they can travel from one region to another without being' b"confronted by legal obstacles. demirok's account was confirmed" b'by another pkk defector, fatih tan, who gave himself over to' b'police in hakkari after spending four years with pkk. tan explained' b'that the terrorists went through a training in camps in south cyprus,' b'sometimes for a period of weeks or more.' b'' b'"torture in greece: hidden reality"' b'' b'case kostas andreadis and dimitris voglis.' b'' b"...andreadis' head was covered with a hood and he was tortured" b'by falanga (beating on the soles of the feet), electric shocks,' b'and was threatened with being thrown out of the window. an' b'official medical report clearly documented this torture....' b'' b'case horst bosniatzki, a west german citizen.' b'' b'...at midnight he was taken to the beach, chains were put to his' b'feet and he was threatened to be thrown to the sea. he was dragged' b'along the beach for about a km while being punched on the' b'head and kidneys...back on the police station, he was beaten' b'on the finger tips with a thin stick until one of the fingertips' b'split open....' b'' b'case torture of dimitris voglis.' b'' b'case brothers vangelis and christos arabatzis b'vasilis papadopoulos and kostas kiriazis b'' b'case torture of eight students at thessaloniki police' b'headquarters.' b'' b'source: the british broadcasting corporation, summary of' b'world broadcasting -july part 4-a: the' b'middle east, me/8612/a/1.' b'' b'"abu nidal\'s advisers" reportedly training' b'"pkk asala militants" in cyprus' b'' b'nicosia, ankara, tel aviv. the israeli secret service,' b'mossad, is reported to have acquired significant' b'information in connection with the camps set up in the' b'troodos mountains in cyprus for the training of' b'militants of the pkk and asala {armenian secret army for' b'the liberation of armenia}. according to sources close' b'to mossad, about kurdish, greek cypriot and armenian' b'militants are undergoing training in the troodos' b'mountains in southern cyprus. the same sources stated' b"that abu nidal's special advisers are giving military" b'training to the pkk and asala militants in the camps.' b'they added that the militants leave southern cyprus for' b'libya, lebanon, syria, greece and iran after completing' b'their training. mossad has established that due to the' b'clashes which were taking place among the terrorist' b'groups based in syria, the pkk and asala organisations' b'moved to the greek cypriot part of cyprus, where they' b'would be more comfortable. they also transferred a' b'number of their camps in northern syria to the troodos' b'mountains.' b'' b'mossad revealed that the armenian national movement,' b'which is known as the mna, has opened liaison offices in' b'nicosia, athens and tripoli in order to meet the needs' b'of the camps. the offices are used to provide material' b'support for the armenian camps. meanwhile, the leader' b'of the popular front for the liberation of palestine,' b'george habash, is reported to have ordered his men' b'not to participate in the operations carried out' b'by the pkk asala, which he described as "extreme' b'racist, extreme nationalist and fascist." reliable' b'sources have said that habash believed that the recent' b'operations carried out by the pkk militants show that' b'organisation to be a band of irregulars engaged in' b'extreme nationalist operations. they added that he' b'instructed his militants to sever their links with the' b'pkk and avoid clashing with it. it has been established' b'that george habash expelled asala militants from his' b"camp after asala's connections with drug trafficking" b'were exposed.' b'' b"source: alan cowell, 'u.s. greece in dispute on terror,' the new" b'york times, june p. b'' b'special to the new york times' b'' b'athens, june a dispute developed today between athens and' b'washington over united states intelligence reports saying that' b'athens, for several months, conducted negotiations with the' b'terrorist known as abu nidal...' b'' b'they said the contacts were verified in what were termed hard' b'intelligence reports.' b'' b'abu nidal leads the palestinian splinter group al fatah' b'revolutionary council, implicated in the airport' b'bombings at rome and vienna that contributed to the reagan' b"administration's decision to bomb tripoli, libya, last year." b'' b'in washington, state department officials said that when' b'administration officials learned about the contacts, the' b'state department drafted a strongly worded demarche. the' b"officials also expressed unhappiness with greece's dealings" b'with asala, the armenian liberation army, which has carried' b'out terrorist acts against turks....' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 