b'' b'' b'\t i can see how little taste you actually have in the' b'\t cheap shot you took at me when i did nothing more' b"\t than translate kozovski's insulting reference" b'\t to milan pavlovic.' b'' b"c'mon, you still haven't corrected yourself, 'wieneramus'. in april" b'1942, hitler was preparing for the invasion of the caucasus. a' b'number of nazi armenian leaders began submitting plans to german' b'officials in spring and summer one of them was souren begzadian' b'paikhar, son of a former ambassador of the armenian republic in baku.' b'paikhar wrote a letter to hitler, asking for german support to his' b'armenian national socialist movement hossank and suggesting the' b'creation of an armenian ss formation in order' b'' b'"to educate the youth of liberated armenia according to the' b'spirit of the nazi ideas."' b'' b'he wanted to unite the armenians of the already occupied territories' b'of the ussr in his movement and with them conquer historic turkish' b'homeland. paikhar was confined to serving the nazis in goebbels' b'propaganda ministry as a speaker for armenian- and french-language' b'radio broadcastings.[1] the armenian-language broadcastings were' b'produced by yet another nazi armenian viguen chanth.[2]' b'' b'[1] patrick von zur muhlen (muehlen), p. b"[2] enno meyer, a. j. berkian, 'zwischen rhein und arax, b"jahre deutsch-armenische beziehungen,' (heinz holzberg" b'verlag-oldenburg pp. and b'' b'' b'the establishment of armenian units in the german army was favored' b'by general dro (the butcher). he played an important role in the' b"establishment of the armenian 'legions' without assuming any" b'official position. his views were represented by his men in the' b'respective organs. an interesting meeting took place between dro' b'and reichsfuehrer-ss heinrich himmler toward the end of b'dro discussed matters of collaboration with himmler and after' b'a long conversation, asked if he could visit pow camp close to' b'berlin. himmler provided dro with his private car.[1]' b'' b'a minor problem was that some of the soviet nationals were not' b"'aryans' but 'subhumans' according to the official nazi philosophy." b'as such, they were subject to german racism. however, armenians' b'were the least threatened and indeed most privileged. in august' b'1933, armenians had been recognized as aryans by the bureau of' b'racial investigation in the ministry for domestic affairs.' b'' b'[1] meyer, berkian, ibid., pp. b'' b'need i go on?' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 