b'' b"in today's israeline posting, at the end (an afterthought?), i read:" b'' b' more money allocated to building infrastructure in territories to' b' create jobs for palestinians' b'' b' kol yisrael reports that public works geared at building' b' infrastructure costing million new israeli shekels (about b' million dollars) will begin sunday in the territories. this was' b' announced last night by prime minister yitzhak rabin and finance' b' minister avraham shohat in an effort to create more jobs for' b' palestinian residents of the territories. this infusion of money' b' will bring allocations given to developing infrastructure in the' b" territories this year to million nis, up from last year's" b' figure of million nis.' b'' b"while i applaud investing of money in yehuda, shomron, v'chevel-azza," b'in order to create jobs for their residents, i find it deplorable that' b'this has never been an active policy of any israeli administration' b'since *with regard to their jewish residents*. past governments' b'found funds to subsidize cheap (read: affordable) housing and the' b'requisite infrastructure, but where was the investment for creating' b'industry (which would have generated income *and* jobs)?' b'' b'after years, yehuda and shomron remain barren, bereft of even' b'middle-sized industries, and the jewish settlements are sterile' b'"bedroom communities", havens for (in the main) israelis (both' b'secular *and* religious) who work in tel-aviv or jerusalem but' b'cannot afford to live in either city or their surrounding suburbs.' b'' b'there\'s an old saying: "bli giboosh, ayn kivoosh" just living there' b'wasn\'t enough, we had to *really* settle it. but instead, we "settled"' b'for potemkin villages, and now we are paying the price (and doing' b'for others what we should have done for ourselves).' b'' b'' b'--' b'yonatan b. horen jews who do not base their advocacy of jewish positions and' b'(408) interests on judaism are essentially racists... the only' b'| separate people rest on their religious identity as jews.' 