b'' b'' b'i have previously posted quotations by irgun participants that' b"totally destroys begin's whitewash. i have no particular desire" b'to post it yet again.' b'' b'brendan.' b'' b'' b'you apparently think you are some sort of one-man judge and jury who' b'can declare "total" victory and then sit back and enjoy the' b"applause. but you've picked the wrong topic if you think a few" b'rigged "quotations" can sustain the legend and lie of the deir' b'yassin "massacre."' b'' b'you have a lot to learn when it comes to historical methodology.' b'at the most basic level, you should know that there is a big' b'difference between weighing evidence fairly and merely finding' b'"quotations" that support your preset opinions.' b'' b'if you have studied the history of israel at all you must know that' b'many of the sources of your "quotations" have an axe to grind, and' b'therefore you must be very careful about whom you "quote." for' b"example, meir pa'il, whom you cite, was indeed a general, a scholar," b"and a war hero. but that doesn't mean everything that comes out of" b'his mouth is gold. in fact (and here your lack of experience' b"shows), pa'il is such a fanatic, embittered leftist that much of his" b'anti-israel blathering (forget about anti-irgun blathering) would be' b'considered something like treason in non-israel contexts. but of' b"course you don't consider this at all when you find a juicy" b'"quotation" that you can use to attack israel.' b'' b'benny morris (of hashomer hatzair) represents himself as a "scholar"' b"when he rehashes the old attacks on the irgun. don't be fooled." b"it's just the old zionist ideological catfight, surfacing as an" b'attack on the (then-) likud government. if you will look closely at' b'the section on deir yassin in his book on the war of independence,' b'you will see his "indictment" to be pure hot air. and this is the' b'best he can do after decades of digging for any sort of damning' b'evidence. unfortunately for him, because his book parades itself as' b'"scholarly," he is forced to put footnotes. so you can clearly see' b'that his deir yassin account is based on nothing.' b'' b'the deir yassin "massacre" never took place as the propagandists' b'tell it, any more than the sabra and shatila "massacres." do you get' b'the feeling people like to blame the jews for "massacres," even if' b'they have to make them up? it must sound spicy. even some jews' b'like to do it, for reasons of their own.' b'' b'please, don\'t confuse any of you deir yassin "massacre" stuff' b"with facts or scholarship. you should stick to begin's version" b'unless you find something serious to contradict it.' b'' b'vic' 