b'' b'' b'** there were a couple millions of greeks living in asia minor' b'**until someone had to protect them. if not us who??' b'' b'' b'is that so? or you were taking advantage of weakness of ottoman' b'empire to grab some land. as soon as you got green lights from' b'allied forces, you occupied izmir and other cities in western' b'turkey. you killed and raped millions people without any reason.' b'of course, you paid the price. mustafa kemal ataturk made' b'you swim in aegean sea but not far enough. your aggressions thru' b'turkey at anytime in the past did not get you any reward and shall' b'not get you anywhere.' b'' b'' b"don't swallow propaganda as truth sir. british promised to venizelos" b'(greek pm) that mainly greek populated areas of the ottomans will be' b'given to greece, _if_ he will agree to drag greece in the side of' b'the british during the wwi (because the greek king was progerman).' b'the british succeeded by bombarding athens killing quite a few,' b'forcing abdication of the king, division of greece into two separate' b'states (north-south), and finally laying the ground for the most disasterous' b"division between greeks for our century.(so don't feel bitter that the" b'"allies" gave any green light because they liked us....)' b'' b'anyway, the british succeed to establish venizelos, war starts at a second' b'front against the germans in the south while they were fighting the war' b'in the east against the russians, and finally the wwii came in an end.' b'after that the british (and french) forgot immediately their promises' b'(as usually). even though publicly they say that they support the greek' b'cause, practically they not only do nothing, but instead, using some usual' b'"reasoning" and other crap rhetoric as a pretext, they gradually' b'backup kemal (who had given now to the british "water and bread" that' b'he will dissolve the superethnic ottoman and contract it into a small' b'ethnic-state). the main drive behind this british switch was the plan' b'to keep a muslim state in the region as buffer against a russian expansion' b'into warm-water facilities. the "greek empire" being an orthodox christian' b'state was too prone to become russian client.' b'' b'out of this intrigue, the current state of affairs was established on our' b'lands. while venizelos and kemal were promoted as true "giants" by the' b'british, since they worked to realize their goals in the region.' b'under the same plan, currently greece and turkey are recipients of big' b'military funds from the us; both they are functioning as anti-russian' b'buffers, while simultaneously both remain good clients of state dept. because' b'otherwise the use of terror of changing "the balance of power in the aegean"' b'will be used.' b'' b'under the same exact rational you should see the cyprus problem.' b'' b'gr' b'' b"ps: i don't make any anti-...whatever rhetoric. this is the situation" b'in our region and needs to be said. the previously mentioned powers' b'are not anything special; they are fucntioning the same way which' b"anyone else functions all throughout history. so i don't selectively" b'single them out; just they are relevant to _our_ current afairs.' 