b'' b'yarn of cargo of human bones b'' b'copyright, by the new york times company' b'special cable to the new york times' b'' b'paris, dec marseilles is excited by a weird story of the arrival in' b'that port of a ship flying the british flag and named zan carrying a' b'mysterious cargo of tons of human bones consigned to manufacturers there.' b'the bones are said to have been loaded at mudania on the sea of marmora and' b'to be the remains of the victims of massacres in asia minor. in view of the' b'rumors circulating it is expected that an inquiry will be instigated.' b'' b'- reference b'' b'[1] _new york times_, december page column (bottom)' b'' b'- b'' b'on the 78th commemorative anniversary of the turkish genocide of the armenians,' b'we remember those whose only crime was to be armenian in the shadow of an' b'emerging turkish proto-fascist state. in their names we demand justice.' b'' b'in april the turkish government began a systematically executed' b'de-population of the eastern anatolian homeland of the armenians through a' b'genocidal extermination. this genocide was to insure that turks exclusively' b'ruled over the geographic area today called the republic of turkey. the' b'result: million murdered, billion dollars of armenian property stolen' b'and plundered. this genocide ended nearly years of armenian civilization' b'on those lands. today, the turkish government continues to scrape clean any' b"vestige of a prior armenian existence on those lands. today's turkish" b'governmental policy is to re-write the history of the era, to manufacture' b'distortion and generate excuses for their genocide of the armenian people. in' b'the face of refutation ad nauseam, the turkish historical society and cronies' b'shamelessly continue to deny that any such genocide occurred. this policy' b'merely demonstrates that in the modern era, genocide is an effective state' b'policy when it remains un-redressed and un-punished. a crime unpunished is a' b'crime encouraged. adolf hitler took this cue less than years after the' b'successful genocide of the armenians.' b'' b'turkey claims there was no systematic deportation of armenians, yet...' b'armenians were removed from every city, town, and village in the whole of' b'turkey! armenians who resisted deportation and massacre are referred to as' b'"rebels".' b'' b'turkey claims there was no genocide of the armenians, yet...turkish population' b'figures today show zero armenians in eastern turkey, the armenian homeland.' b'' b'turkey claims armenians were always a small minority, yet...turkey claims' b'armenians were a "threat".' b'' b'in a final insult to the victims, the republic of turkey sold the bones of' b'approximately murdered armenians for profit to europe.' b'' b'today, the turkish government is enjoying the fruits of that genocide. the' b"success of this genocide is hangs over the heads of turkey's kurdish" b'population.' b'' b'the armenians demand recognition, reparation, return of armenian land and' b'property lost as a result of this genocide.' b'' b'armenians demand justice ermeniler adalet istiyor' b'' b'' b'--' b's.d.p.a. center for regional studies anatolia and has forgotten the' b'p.o. box punishment inflicted on it." b'cambridge, ma late turkish president turgut ozal' 