b'' b'' b'' b'' b'final solution for the gaza ghetto b'------------------------------------' b'' b'while israeli jews fete the uprising of the warsaw ghetto, they' b'repress by violent means the uprising of the gaza ghetto and' b'attempt to starve the gazans.' b'' b'the gaza strip, this tiny area of land with the highest population' b'density in the world, has been cut off from the world for weeks.' b'the israeli occupier has decided to punish the whole population of' b'gaza, some people, by denying them the right to leave the' b'strip and seek work in israel.' b'' b'while polish non-jews risked their lives to save jews from the' b'ghetto, no israeli jew is known to have risked his life to help' b'the gazan resistance. the only help given to gazans by israeli' b'jews, only dozens of people, is humanitarian assistance.' b'' b'the right of the gazan population to resist occupation is' b'recognized in international law and by any person with a sense of' b'justice. a population denied basic human rights is entitled to' b'rise up against its tormentors.' b'' b'as is known, the israeli regime is considering gazans unworthy of' b'israeli citizenship and equal rights in israel, although they are' b'considered worthy to do the dirty work in israeli hotels, shops' b'and fields. many gazans are born in towns and villages located in' b'israel. they may not live there, for these areas are reserved for' b'the master race.' b'' b'the nazi regime accorded to the residents of the warsaw ghetto the' b'right to self- administration. they selected jews to pacify the' b'occupied population and preventing any form of resistance. some' b'jewish collaborators were killed. israel also wishes to rule over' b'gaza through arab collaborators.' b'' b'as israel denies gazans the only two options which are compatible' b'with basic human rights and international law, that of becoming' b'israeli citizens with full rights or respecting their right for' b'self-determination, it must be concluded that the israeli jewish' b'society does not consider gazans full human beings. this attitude' b'is consistent with the attitude of the nazis towards jews. the' b'current policies by the israeli government of cutting off gaza are' b'consistent with the wish publicly expressed by prime mininister' b"yitzhak rabin that 'gaza sink into the sea'. one is led to ask" b'oneself whether israeli leaders entertain still more sinister' b'goals towards the gazans whether they have some final solution' b'up their sleeve b'' b'i urge all those who have slight human compassion to do whatever' b'they can to help the gazans regain their full human, civil and' b'political rights, to which they are entitled as human beings.' b'' b'elias davidsson iceland' b'' b'isgate.is by igc.apc.org (4.1/revision: b'id aa00761; fri, apr pdt received: from' b'rvik.ismennt.is by isgate.is (5.65c8/isnet/14-10-91); fri, apr' b'1993 gmt received: by rvik.ismennt.is' b'x-charset: ascii x-char-esc: status: ro' b'' b'final solution for the gaza ghetto b'------------------------------------' b'' b'while israeli jews fete the uprising of the warsaw ghetto, they' b'repress by violent means the uprising of the gaza ghetto and' b'attempt to starve the gazans.' b'' b'the gaza strip, this tiny area of land with the highest population' b'density in the world, has been cut off from the world for weeks.' b'the israeli occupier has decided to punish the whole population of' b'gaza, some people, by denying them the right to leave the' b'strip and seek work in israel.' b'' b'while polish non-jews risked their lives to save jews from the' b'ghetto, no israeli jew is known to have risked his life to help' b'the gazan resistance. the only help given to gazans by israeli' b'jews, only dozens of people, is humanitarian assistance.' b'' b'the right of the gazan population to resist occupation is' b'recognized in international law and by any person with a sense of' b'justice. a population denied basic human rights is entitled to' b'rise up against its tormentors.' b'' b'as is known, the israeli regime is considering gazans unworthy of' b'israeli citizenship and equal rights in israel, although they are' b'considered worthy to do the dirty work in israeli hotels, shops' b'and fields. many gazans are born in towns and villages located in' b'israel. they may not live there, for these areas are reserved for' b'the master race.' b'' b'the nazi regime accorded to the residents of the warsaw ghetto the' b'right to self- administration. they selected jews to pacify the' b'occupied population and preventing any form of resistance. some' b'jewish collaborators were killed. israel also wishes to rule over' b'gaza through arab collaborators.' b'' b'as israel denies gazans the only two options which are compatible' b'with basic human rights and international law, that of becoming' b'israeli citizens with full rights or respecting their right for' b'self-determination, it must be concluded that the israeli jewish' b'society does not consider gazans full human beings. this attitude' b'is consistent with the attitude of the nazis towards jews. the' b'current policies by the israeli government of cutting off gaza are' b'consistent with the wish publicly expressed by prime mininister' b"yitzhak rabin that 'gaza sink into the sea'. one is led to ask" b'oneself whether israeli leaders entertain still more sinister' b'goals towards the gazans whether they have some final solution' b'up their sleeve b'' b'i urge all those who have slight human compassion to do whatever' b'they can to help the gazans regain their full human, civil and' b'political rights, to which they are entitled as human beings.' b'' b'elias davidsson iceland' b'' 