b'' b'' b'i would like to share with netters a few points i picked up from the pbs' b"frontline program regarding iran's nuclear activities, aired on tuesday" b"april for the sake of brevity, i'll present them in some separate" b'points.' b'' b'1- as many other western programs, this program was laid on a bed of' b'misinformation throughout the program, to maximize the effect of the' b'program on the viewer. some of the misinformations were as follows:' b'' b'- it was alleged that:" late imam khomeini objected to shah\'s technological' b'advancements as anti-islamic, but now things have changed and the proof of' b'change is that some iranian merchants are now selling personal computers. b'these are the most ridiculous lies, one can make about the objectives' b'of the islamic revolution in toppling the shah and state of the technology' b'in iran after revolution.' b'' b'-iran was equally accused of using chemical weapons against iraqi aggressors' b'while there has never been any proof in this regard, and nobody has seen' b'iraqi soldiers or civilians injured by iranian chemical weapons, in' b'contrary to what the whole world has seen about iranian soldiers and' b'civilians, injured by iraqi chemical weapons.' b'' b'- while the number of martyrs during the sacred defense against iraqi' b'aggression has been officially announced to be about and even most' b'radical counter-revolutionary groups claim that iran and iraq had a total' b'of one million dead, this program claims that iran alone has one million' b'dead left from the war.' b'' b"- the translation of iranian officials' talks are not true. for" b'example when iranian head of atomic energy says that: it hurts me to' b'see that iran is the subject of these unfriendly propaganda." the' b'translator says: it hurts to see that iran is doing unfriendly' b'research."!' b'' b'2- almost all alleged devices or material bought or planned to be bought' b'by iranians were of countless dual usage, while the program tries to' b"undermine their non-military uses, without any reference to iran's" b'big population and its inevitable need to other sources of energy in' b'near future and its current deficit in electrical power.' b'' b'3- the whole program is trying to show the sharif university of' b'technology as a nuclear research center, while even the cameramen of the' b'program know well that in a country like iran without a so tightly closed' b'society no one can make a nuclear bomb in a university! taking in account' b'the scientific advancement of sharif u. in engineering fields and its' b"potential role in improvement of iran's industries and eventually the" b'lives of people, it is obvious that they are persuading other countries' b'to prevent them from further helping this university or other ones' b'in scientific and industrial efforts.' b'' b"4- a key point in program's justifications is trying to disvalidate as" b'much as possible all efforts done by iaea in their numerous visits from' b'iran\'s different sites. they say: "we are not sure if the places visited' b'by iaea are the real ones or not" or we can not rely on iaea\'s' b"reports and observation, because they failed to see iraq's nuclear" b'activities before" as if they didn\'t know that iraq was trying to build' b'nuclear weapons!' b'' b'5- as an extremely personal opinion, the most disgusting aspect of the' b'program was the arrogance of the member of us senate foreign affairs,' b'william triplet, in his way of talking, as if he was the god talking' b'from the absolute knowledge!' b'' b'i hope all iranians be aware of the gradual buildup against their' b'country in western media, and i hope iranian authorities continue to' b'their wise and calculated approach with regard to international affairs' b'and peaceful coexistence with friendly nations.' b'' b'' b'mohammad' b'' b'' b'[*] international atomic energy agency' b'' 