b'' b'' b'' b'while israeli jews fete the uprising of the warsaw ghetto,' b'' b'"fete"??? since this word both formally and commonly refers to' b'positive/joyous events, your misuse of it here is rather unsettling.' b'' b'they repress by violent means the uprising of the gaza ghetto' b'and attempt to starve the gazans.' b'' b'i certainly abhor those israeli policies and attitudes that are' b'abusive towards the palestinians/gazans. given that, however, there' b'*is no comparison* between the reality of the warsaw ghetto and in' b'gaza.' b'' b'the right of the gazan population to resist occupation is' b'recognized in international law and by any person with a sense of' b'justice.' b'' b'just as international law recognizes the right of the occupying' b'entity to maintain order, especially in the face of elements' b'that are consciously attempting to disrupt the civil structure.' b'ironically, international law recognizes each of these focusses' b'(that of the occupied and the occupier) even though they are' b'inherently in conflict.' b'' b'as israel denies gazans the only two options which are compatible' b'with basic human rights and international law, that of becoming' b'israeli citizens with full rights or respecting their right for' b'self-determination, it must be concluded that the israeli jewish' b'society does not consider gazans full human beings.' b'' b'israel certainly cannot, and should not, continue its present' b'policies towards gazan residents. there is, however, a third' b'alternative- the creation and implementation of a jewish "dhimmi"' b'system with gazans/palestinians as benignly "protected" citizens.' b'would you find that as acceptable in that form as you do with' b"regard to islam's policies towards its minorities?" b'' b'whether they have some final solution up their sleeve b'' b"it is a race, then? between israel's anti-palestinian/gazan" b'"final solution" and the arab world\'s anti-israel/jewish' b'"final solution". do you favor one? neither?' b'' b'i urge all those who have slight human compassion to do whatever' b'they can to help the gazans regain their full human, civil and' b'political rights, to which they are entitled as human beings.' b'' b'since there is justifiable worry by various parties that israel' b'and arab/palestinian "final solution" intentions exist, isn\'t it' b'important that both israeli *and* palestinian/gazan "rights"' b'be secured?' b'' b'elias davidsson iceland' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'tim clock ph.d./graduate student' b'uci tel#: department of politics and society' b'fax#: university of california irvine' b'home tel#: irvine, ca 