b'' b'' b'' b'/* "from israeli press: nazi methods." b'from the israeli press' b'' b"newspaper: ha'aretz date: february1993 author: gideon levi" b'' b'' b'title: in the neighborhood of hope, among the rubble' b'' b'(excerpts)' b'' b'mahmoud jowara\'r stared at me long and sadly: "i worked my entire' b'life in order to built that house and this is what is left". only' b'tv could transmit the full sadness of his face. "you say that we' b'teach our children to hate you, but what do you expect to happen' b'to a child who sees this and once again he wraps himself in a' b'lengthy silence, his face crumbling into weeping. mahmoud stood in' b'the field of rubble that was once his home. the term' b"'dispossession' has an absolute meaning here. nothing is left of" b'what he accumulated during his entire life, only the rubble of a' b'house and shreds of belongings.' b'' b'once again khan yunis. once again demolished homes. last thursday' b'there was a search for wanted people here. once again the idf' b'forces employed the new method, fired and bombed and shot missiles' b'and placed explosives. already three times during the past weeks i' b'have gone out to see the destruction and each time i was more' b'horrifying scenes. this time they hit the largest number of' b'houses, according to the idf estimate, ten of them completely' b'demolished. but not only that: the method has also become more' b'brutal. three weeks ago, in tufah neighborhood in gaza, the' b'residents were still told to remove their valuables from their' b'homes. this time the army skipped that part; three weeks ago the' b'handcuffed men, inhabitants of the demolished homes, were supplied' b'with some water and one apple during the hours they had to' b'stand. this time there was only water. three weeks ago they were' b'even allowed to go out to the toilet. this time the soldier just' b'gold them: piss and shit in your pants. and thus, last thursday,' b'some men stood for about hours, their hands bound behind' b'their backs, their eyes blindfolded, without food, with wet pants' b'on their legs and a terrible feeling of humiliation in their' b'hearts, listening to the sounds of the explosions destroying their' b'homes, one after the other.' b'' b'(...)' b'' b"dr. juma'a fuad said al-rubi. the brother from saudi arabia," b'emerges from among the ruins. ten days ago he arrived for a family' b'visit, mainly in order to celebrate the housewarming with his' b'father and brothers. on thursday he was handcuffed like everyone' b'else for hours, and later went with everyone to view the' b'destrucion. he tried to explain that he was a visitor and that he' b'is a physician, but only got a shove. like all the rest he also' b'urinated in his pants, while standing with his hands bound and his' b"eyes blindfolded for the entire day. juma'a al-rubi studied" b'medicine at cairo university, and for ten years he has been' b'treating wealthy saudis in medina. his wife and four children' b'remained there. now his documents have been lost and he does not' b'know how he will return to them. "there is no humanity", stated' b'the physician from saudi arabia.' b'' 