b'' b'' b'' b'' b'center for policy research writes...' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'final solution for the gaza ghetto b'------------------------------------' b'' b'while israeli jews fete the uprising of the warsaw ghetto, they' b'repress by violent means the uprising of the gaza ghetto and' b'attempt to starve the gazans.' b'' b'your comparison with the warsaw ghetto uprising is insulting,' b'and racist beyond belief. the attempts to quiet any violence' b'in the gaza strip are just that. the efforts to quell murder' b'and mayhem in the gaza strip were the resluts of violence and' b'came after the violence. it was not an arbitrary racial move' b'like the nazi treatment of jews. jews had not committed acts' b'of violence and murder as have the residents of gaza. i find' b'your eagerness to ignore the acts of murder nothing more than' b'anti-israel bigotry.' b'' b'' b'the gaza strip, this tiny area of land with the highest population' b'density in the world, has been cut off from the world for weeks.' b'the israeli occupier has decided to punish the whole population of' b'gaza, some people, by denying them the right to leave the' b'strip and seek work in israel.' b'' b'it is not punishment, but protection from repeated attacks by' b'residents of gaza. you self-servingly omit any references to' b'why israel has had to take action. apparaently the deaths of' b'innocent israeli civilians do not enter into your equation, a' b'racist ommission on your part.' b'' b'' b'while polish non-jews risked their lives to save jews from the' b'ghetto, no israeli jew is known to have risked his life to help' b'the gazan resistance. the only help given to gazans by israeli' b'jews, only dozens of people, is humanitarian assistance.' b'' b'the right of the gazan population to resist occupation is' b'recognized in international law and by any person with a sense of' b'justice. a population denied basic human rights is entitled to' b'rise up against its tormentors.' b'' b'the right of israel to protect its citizens from murderers is' b'also recognized by international law. israeli civilians have' b'been getting stabbed to death on a daily basis. if this wave' b'of murder does not matter to you, then your posturing for the' b'basic human rights you claim matter so much to you is nothing' b'but an anti-israel charade.' b'' b'' b'as is known, the israeli regime is considering gazans unworthy of' b'israeli citizenship and equal rights in israel, although they are' b'considered worthy to do the dirty work in israeli hotels, shops' b'and fields.' b'' b'do you know of residents of gaza who have applied for israeli' b'citizenship and were denied? i have heard of no such denials' b'taking place. can you document this, or is this more of your' b'stupid and innacurate propaganda? the truth is that if gazan' b'residents applied for citizenship, hamas would murder them as' b'collaborators.' b'' b'' b'many gazans are born in towns and villages located in' b'israel. they may not live there, for these areas are reserved for' b'the master race.' b'' b'how dare you use such a disgusting phrase. how very easy you' b'attack a people, when you omit facts which fly in the face of' b'your pure racism. perhaps you are judging a people to be the' b'racists that you are. do you believe that all jews must have' b'the same bigoted makeup as you?' b'' b"here's another little fly in your ointment, about the 'master" b"race,' for you to avoid..." b'' b'two months ago a plane with bosnian muslims left bosnia to' b'seek asylum in the middle east. four arab nations refused to' b'grant them asylum. then when israli arabs agreed to take the' b'responsibility for them, they were allowed into israel. yes,' b'israel. but when the plane landed, the israeli arabs who had' b'previously agreed to take care of them refused to be involved' b'with the rescue project, because they felt that it would make' b'israel look good. it was more important to avoid any good pr' b'for israel than to take care of fellow muslims. israel moved' b'them to a kibbutz, where they are safe and secure. the truth' b'is that time after time the islamic world has turned its back' b'on muslims in need more than israel has. even in the case of' b'the deportees, lebanon was willing to let their so-called' b'arab brothers freeze to death rather than give them sanctuary' b'in lebanon.' b'' b'nearly twice as many palestinians have been murdered by other' b'palestinians than in confrontations with israel. hundreds of' b'thousands of palestinians had been deported from kuwait, just' b'because they were palestinian. the truth is that your phoney' b'concern for the welfare of the palestinians is nothing but an' b'excuse to attack israel. you are part of the ignorant effort' b'to confine all concern for the welfare of the palestinians to' b'attacking israel. but the truth is there are greater reasons' b'than israel for the plight of the palestinians. to disregard' b'jordan or kuwait or saudi arabia or any of the other oil-rich' b'nations who do nothing for these people, is to use the plight' b'of these poor people as a vehicle for your hatred of jews, or' b'your hatred of israel. anti-semitism and anti-zionism is not' b'the same as pro-palestinian and anyone who insists that it is' b'the same really does not give two hoots for their welfare.' b'' b'' b'the nazi regime accorded to the residents of the warsaw ghetto the' b'right to self- administration. they selected jews to pacify the' b'occupied population and preventing any form of resistance. some' b'jewish collaborators were killed. israel also wishes to rule over' b'gaza through arab collaborators.' b'' b'your pathetic analogy is so absent of relevant fact that your' b'racism cannot be disguised. jews had never declared war on a' b'polish people. jews had never attacked poles with knives, or' b'had used the ghetto as a staging ground for attacks. to take' b'something like the warsaw ghetto(the creation of which you do' b'not even bother to discuss!)and the uprising that followed is' b'to degrade the dead, and to show that intelligent debate on a' b'difficult situation is beyond your intellectual purview. you' b'clearly have never even read a single word of the covenant of' b'the islamic resistance movement. here is arguably the single' b'most anti-semitic genocidal document since mein kampf, yet it' b'is totally disregarded in your rantings. your racism is most' b'evident in your eagerness to avoid such documentation. if it' b'were considered, you might actually have to deal with mideast' b'problems in a balanced manner, rather than in an anti-semitic' b'manner.' b'' b'' b'as israel denies gazans the only two options which are compatible' b'with basic human rights and international law, that of becoming' b'israeli citizens with full rights or respecting their right for' b'self-determination, it must be concluded that the israeli jewish' b'society does not consider gazans full human beings.' b'' b'and just how was gaza obtained? do you forget that israel is' b'not in the habit of grabbing land for the hell of it, but had' b'taken gaza in a war that it did not start? did you know land' b'israel captures in wars, wars which other nations have always' b"started, aren't the same as israel, and they are subject to a" b'completely different set of international laws? since you do' b'continuously refer to international law, would you please say' b'what specific international laws israel is violating?' b'' b'' b'this attitude' b'is consistent with the attitude of the nazis towards jews.' b'' b'i can cite reasons why it is not.' b'' b'' b' the' b'current policies by the israeli government of cutting off gaza are' b'consistent with the wish publicly expressed by prime mininister' b"yitzhak rabin that 'gaza sink into the sea'." b'' b'where is this quote? i have never heard rabin assert that he' b"wished such a thing. since you are in general a liar, you'll" b'have to provide the entire quote, with source, or this effort' b'will be regarded as just another one of your fabrications.' b'' b'' b' one is led to ask' b'oneself whether israeli leaders entertain still more sinister' b'goals towards the gazans whether they have some final solution' b'up their sleeve b'' b'only you are led to ask such a loaded, racist, intellectually' b'dishonest question. you inability to come to terms with what' b'you are has turned you into a racist of the highest order.' b'' b'' b'i urge all those who have slight human compassion to do whatever' b'they can to help the gazans regain their full human, civil and' b'political rights, to which they are entitled as human beings.' b'' b'why do you not feel the same compassion for the jews of iran,' b'or iraq, or yemen, or saudi arabia, or syria? do you have an' b'inkling of what they have endured over the past decades? or,' b'what about the plight of the palestinians in kuwait? or what' b'about the treatment of the bosnian muslims? do you think the' b'residents of gaza are being subjected to what all the muslims' b'in bosnia are enduring? why are you indifferent to the death' b'and suffering of people? why do you not care that these folk' b'are being exterminated? why do you not care that only israel' b'has given any of these people safe haven? could it be due to' b'the fact that it is not israel who is doing the killing? the' b"people in gaza are not being exterminated. they aren't being" b"killed. they aren't being raped. they aren't being starved." b"they aren't being driven from their lands. they are not kept" b'from receiving food or other supplies. but the bosnians are.' b'and the only country which has provided some sanctuary to the' b'bosnian muslims is the same nation that you have devoted your' b'life to attacking, in the guise of compassion.' b'' b'your rantings are so unfettered by the burden of intellectual' b'honesty that you ought to take a deep breath and ask yourself' b'what your real motives are. do not flatter yourself into the' b'belief that truth or compassion are what drives you. in your' b'case, it is clear that hate beats out love every time. maybe' b'you are burdened with some kind of guilt for having been born' b'a jew. it is obvious that your hatred of your own judaism is' b'being dumped on all other jews. why else would you suggest a' b'racist idea like breeding jews out of existence? maybe these' b'fits of anti-semitism are a result of being cut off from your' b'own people for an extended period. whatever the case may be,' b'it is clear that you are not what you have labored so hard to' b"appear to be. when you realize that you can't care for other" b'people while you hate yourself you might actually begin to do' b'some good.' b'' b'but for now, you are a fruad.' b'' b'' b'' 