b'' b'in while the jews were being assembled for their doom in the nazi' b'concentration camps, the nazi armenians in germany formed the first' b'armenian battalion to fight alongside the nazis. in this battalion' b'had grown into eight battalions of 20,000-strong under the command of dro' b'(the butcher) who is the architect of the cold-blooded genocide of b'million turks and kurds between an armenian national council' b'was formed by the notorious dashnak party leaders in berlin, which was' b'recognized by the nazis. encouraged by this, the armenians summarily' b'formed a provisional government that endorsed and espoused fully the' b'principles of the nazis and declared themselves as the members of the' b"aryan super race and full participants to hitler's policy of extermination" b'of the jews.' b'' b'this armenian-nazi conspiracy against the jews during wwii was an "encore"' b'performance staged by the armenians during wwi, when they back-stabbed and' b'exterminated million turks by colluding with the invading russian army.' b'' b'' b'source: "adventures in the near east, by a. rawlinson,' b'jonathan cape, bedford square, london, (first published b'(287 pages).' b'(memoirs of a british officer who witnessed the armenian genocide of b'million muslim people)' b'' b'p. (second paragraph)' b'' b'"i had received further very definite information of horrors that' b'had been committed by the armenian soldiery in kars plain, and as' b'i had been able to judge of their want of discipline by their' b'treatment of my own detached parties, i had wired to tiflis from' b"zivin that 'in the interests of humanity the armenians should not" b'be left in independent command of the moslem population, as, their' b'troops being without discipline and not under effective control,' b'atrocities were constantly being committed, for which we should' b'with justice eventually be held to be morally responsible\'."' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 