b'' b'the scenario and genocide staged by the armenians years ago in' b'x-soviet armenia is being reenacted again this time in azerbaijan.' b'' b"the stories of survivors of karabag massacre are in 'milliyet' today." b'' b'69 year old hatin nine telling:' b'' b"-''my twin grandchildren were cut to pieces in front of my eyes. they told" b"me: we won't kill you. but the babies have to die in front of your eyes.''" b'' b'72 year old huseyin ibrahimoglu:' b'' b"- ''our turkish village in khojalu town was blown up in two hours." b'while killing children and babies mercilessly they said: you are' b"turks, you must die.''" b'' b'28 year old gulsum huseyin:' b'' b"- ''they bayonetted my year old daughter in her stomach in front of" b"my eyes.''" b'' b'are these stories lies? have the eye-witnesses been day-dreaming?' b'were these stories forged by turkish journalists in the region?' b'' b'the nonsense of such a claim is clear from the writings of british' b'journalists, too. two days before we had quoted from a sunday times' b'article. they[british] reported the events in karabag even before' b'turkish journalists. what is more here are the pictures. pictures' b'of people who were bayonetted, whose eyes were gouged, ears cut off.' b'' b'even the armenian radio couldn\'t claim these "lies." they are saying' b'"exaggeration." that means \'\'somethings\'\' have happened but the' b'situation is not as bad as reported. perhaps that village of khojalu' b"town was destroyed in hours, instead of or gulsum huseyin's" b'3 year old daughter was bayonetted in her chest instead of stomach...' b'' b'the massacre is clearly seen with all its dimensions. the effects of' b'this massacre on karabag and environs cannot be reduced by any word.' b'' b"some of the western press', led by some french newspapers, ability" b"to ''close their eyes'' is nothing but complicity in this massacre." b'' b"yesterday we gave samples from le figaro. until yesterday's print" b'no news about the real events in karabag were printed. so were the' b'french tv channels.. the subject they considered related to karabag' b"was ''the necessity of protecting armenians against azeri attacks.''" b'' b'the age we are living in is termed a human rights age. there are lots' b'of organizations such as united nations and csce(conference on security' b'and cooperation in europe), and rules, all designed to fight against human' b'rights violations. international reactions must be made with international' b'cooperation. with support of everybody and every organization claiming' b'to be civilized.' b'' b'could there be a more serious human rights violation than that of the' b'right to live -and with such levels of barbarity and cruelty-? where' b'is the cooperation? where are the reactions? and the intellectuals,' b'journalists, writers, tv stations of certain western countries such' b'as france who are fast to claim leadership of "human rights?"' b'where are you?' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 