b'' b'' b'sure it is. it tells us how far right the whole turkish political spectrum' b'' b'nobody ever exposed your crimes like that before? what was your personal' b'role in the murder of orhan gunduz and kemal arikan, again? how many more' b"muslims will be slaughtered by 'sdpa.org' as publicly declared and filed" b'with legal authorities? please spell it out for us.' b'' b'' b'"...that more people have to die..."' b'' b'' b'"yes, i stated this and stand by it."' b'' b'' b'' b'january los angeles' b'kemal arikan is slaughtered by two armenians while driving to work.' b'' b'march cambridge, massachusetts' b'prelude to grisly murder. a gift and import shop belonging to' b'orhan gunduz is blown up. gunduz receives an ultimatum: either' b'he gives up his honorary position or he will be "executed". he' b'refuses. "responsibility" is claimed by jcag and sdpa.' b'' b'may cambridge, massachusetts' b'orhan gunduz, the turkish honorary consul in boston, would not bow' b'to the armenian terrorist ultimatum that he give up his title of' b'"honorary consul". now he is attacked and murdered in cold blood.' b'president reagan orders an all-out manhunt-to no avail. an eye-' b'witness who gave a description of the murderer is shot down. he' b'survives... but falls silent. one of the most revolting "triumphs" in' b'the senseless, mindless history of armenian terrorism. such a murder' b'brings absolutely nothing except an ego boost for the murderer' b'within the armenian terrorist underworld, which is already wallowing' b'in self-satisfaction.' b'' b'were you involved in the murder of sarik ariyak?' b'' b'december sydney' b'two nazi armenians massacre sarik ariyak and his bodyguard, engin' b'sever. jcag and sdpa claim responsibility.' b'' b'it is public knowledge that the founder of the marxist-leninist terrorist' b'organization, the asala (an integral part of asala/sdpa/arf), hagop' b'hagopian, began his notorious career as a member of the terrorist' b'group which perpetrated the massacre of the israeli athletes at the' b"munich olympics in and the 'armenian foundation' stole from the" b'children of turkiye to fund the criminal activities of the asala/sdpa/arf' b'terrorists in their cold-blooded murder of defenceless turkish and' b'kurdish people.' b'' b'the armenian foundation provided billion tl to asala' b'' b'01/09/92, milliyet-- the armenian foundation based in' b'istanbul is found to have provided billion turkish lira b'million) to the armenian terrorist organization asala which have' b'murdered several turkish diplomats abroad...' b'' b'experts on international terrorism assert that the armenian terrorists' b'use proceeds from drug trafficking (and from the armenian foundation)' b'to fund their deadly enterprises. the deadliest of terrorist assassins,' b'carlos, proclaimed on spanish television that his organization had' b'entered into a working relationship with armenian terrorists and they' b"are using drug trafficking to raise money 'to continue' to slaughter" b'innocent people. now, what is your personal and organizational role' b'in this scheme?' b'' b'recent reports which have been confirmed by the u.s. administration,' b'indicate that armenian terrorist organizations are collaborating with' b'those who are responsible for the bombing of the united states marine' b"barracks in beirut. you won't be able to get away with your crimes" b'forever; the justice is long overdue.' b'' b'as for the armenian genocide of million muslim people between' b'1914 and b'' b'source: documents: volume i b'"document no: archive no: cabin no: drawer' b'no: file no: section no: contents no: b'(to the office of acting supreme commander acting assistant' b'section director major ali sukru)' b'' b'"it is sufficient to mention just some of the terrible and shameful crimes' b'committed only in erzurum to get an idea about the armenian atrocities' b'in the villages...' b'' b'i would also like to mention with disgust and abominable sight, a stain' b'on humanity, that i encountered at the west of hasankale while my regiment' b'was proceeding into this town. there was a young turkish women, apparently' b'once a very beautiful one, lying dead on one side of the road. a huge' b'stick had been inserted into her vagina. we took the corpses and left it' b'at a spot that was invisible from the road..."' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 