b'' b'' b'after having read this group for some time, i am appalled at its lack of' b'scholarship, its fuzzy-thinking, reliance on obsessed and obnoxious posters' b'' b'well, these are armenian and jewish scholars, not me. denying the obvious?' b'' b'' b'source: hovannisian, richard g.: armenia on the road to independence, b'university of california press (berkeley and los angeles), p. b'' b'"the addition of the kars and batum oblasts to the empire increased the' b'area of transcaucasia to over square miles. the estimated population' b'of the entire region in was of whom percent) were' b'armenian, percent) georgian, and percent) moslem.' b'of the latter group, were tatars. paradoxically, barely one-third' b"of transcaucasia's armenians lived in the erevan guberniia, where the" b'christians constituted a majority in only three of the seven uezds. erevan' b'uezd, the administrative center of the province, had only armenians' b'as compared to moslems. by the time of the russian census of b'however, the armenians had established a scant majority, percent, in the' b'guberniia; it had risen by to percent, or of the b"inhabitants. this impressive change in the province's ethnic character" b'notwithstanding, there was, on the eve of the creation of the armenian' b'republic, a solid block of tartars who continued to dominate the' b'southern districts, from the outskirts of ereven to the border of persia."' b'(see also map historic armenia and map administrative subdivisions of' b'transcaucasia).' b'' b"in percent turk." b'' b'"we closed the roads and mountain passes that might serve as' b'ways of escape for the tartars and then proceeded in the work' b'of extermination. our troops surrounded village after village.' b'little resistance was offered. our artillery knocked the huts' b'into heaps of stone and dust and when the villages became untenable' b'and inhabitants fled from them into fields, bullets and bayonets' b'completed the work. some of the tartars escaped of course. they' b'found refuge in the mountains or succeeded in crossing the border' b'into turkey. the rest were killed. and so it is that the whole' b'length of the borderland of russian armenia from nakhitchevan to' b'akhalkalaki from the hot plains of ararat to the cold mountain' b'plateau of the north were dotted with mute mournful ruins of' b'tartar villages. they are quiet now, those villages, except for' b'howling of wolves and jackals that visit them to paw over the' b'scattered bones of the dead."' b'' b'ohanus appressian' b'"men are like that"' b'p. b'' b'' b'"in soviet armenia today there no longer exists a single turkish soul.' b'it is in our power to tear away the veil of illusion that some of us' b'create for ourselves. it certainly is possible to severe the artificial' b"life-support system of an imagined 'ethnic purity' that some of us" b'falsely trust as the only structure that can support their heart beats' b'in this alien land."' b'(sahak melkonian "preserving the armenian purity")' b'' b'' b'' b" the world's inaction when the conflict began over the mostly" b'christian armenian enclave inside muslim azerbaijan might have' b'encouraged the conflict in bosnia-herzegovina, said the' b"moscow-based activist, who's part armenian." b'' b"no kidding. the armenians tore apart the ottoman empire's eastern provinces," b'massacred million defenseless turkish women, children and elderly' b'people, burned thousands of turkish and kurdish villages and exterminated' b'the entire turkish population of the armenian dictatorship between' b'1914-1920. such outrageous sleight of hand that is still employed today' b'in armenia brings a depth and verification to the turkish genocide' b'that is hard to match. a hundred years ago armenians again thought' b'they could get whatever they wanted through sheer terror like the' b'russian anarchists that they accepted as role models. several armenian' b'terror groups like asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism triangle' b'resorted to the same tactics in the 1980s, butchering scores of innocent' b'turks and their families in the united states and europe. it seems that' b'they are doing it again, at a different scale, in fascist x-soviet armenia' b'today.' b'' b'a merciless massacre of the civilian population of the small azeri' b'town of khojali (pop. in karabagh, azerbaijan, is reported to' b'have taken place on the night of feb. under a coordinated military' b'operation of the 366th mechanized division of the cis army and the' b'armenian insurgents. close to people are reported to have been' b'massacred. elderly and children were not spared. many were badly beaten' b'and shot at close range. a sense of rage and helplessness has overwhelmed' b'the azeri population in face of the well armed and equipped armenian' b'insurgency. the neighboring azeri city of aghdam outside of the' b'karabagh region has come under heavy armenian artillery shelling. city' b'hospital was hit and two pregnant women as well as a new born infant' b'were killed. azerbaijan is appealing to the international community to' b'condemn such barbaric and ruthless attacks on its population and its' b'sovereignty.' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 