b'' b'' b' sure your memory is weak.' b" let me refresh your memory (if that's not to late):" b'' b' first of all: it is called istanbul.' b' let me even spell it for you: i s t a n b u l' b'' b' when my grandfather came in greece, the official name of the city was' b' constantinoupolis.' b'' b"are you related to 'arromdian' of asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism" b'triangle?' b'' b'now, read carefully the following, and then speak:' b'the recent helsinki watch page report, broken promises: torture and' b'' b'ditto.' b'' b'|1|' b'' b'helsinki watch: "problems of turks in western thrace continue"' b'' b'ankara (a.a) in a 15-page report of the "helsinki watch" it is' b'stated that the turkish minority in western thrace is still faced' b'with problems and stipulated that the discriminatory policy being' b'implemented by the greek government be brought to an end.' b'' b'the report on western thrace emphasized that the greek government' b'should grant social and political rights to all the members of' b'minorities that are equal to those enjoyed by greek citizens and' b'in addition they must recognize the existence of the "turkish' b'minority" in western thrace and grant them the right to identify' b"themselves as 'turks'." b'' b'newspot, may b'' b'|2|' b'' b'greece isolates west thrace turks' b'' b'the xanthi independent mp ahmet faikoglu said that the greek' b'state is trying to cut all contacts and relations of the turkish' b'minority with turkey.' b'' b'pointing out that while the greek minority living in istanbul is' b'called "greek" by ethnic definition, only the religion of the' b'minority in western thrace is considered. in an interview with' b'the greek newspaper "ethnos" he said: "i am a greek citizen of' b'turkish origin. the individuals of the minority living in western' b'trace are also turkish."' b'' b'emphasizing the education problem for the turkish minority in' b'western thrace faikoglu said that according to an agreement' b'signed in greece must distribute textbooks printed in turkey' b'in turkish minority schools in western thrace.' b'' b'recalling his activities and those of komotini independent mp dr.' b'sadik ahmet to defend the rights of the turkish minority,' b'faikoglu said. "in fact we helped greece. because we prevented' b'greece, the cradle of democracy, from losing face before european' b'countries by forcing the greek government to recognize our legal' b'rights."' b'' b'on turco-greek relations, he pointed out that both countries are' b'predestined to live in peace for geographical and historical' b'reasons and said that turkey and greece must resist the foreign' b'powers who are trying to create a rift between them by' b'cooperating, adding that in turkey he observed that there was' b'will to improve relations with greece.' b'' b'newspot, january b'' b'|3|' b'' b'macedonian human rights activists to face trial in greece.' b'' b'two ethnic macedonian human rights activists will face trial in' b'athens for alleged crimes against the greek state, according to a' b'court summons (no. obtained by mils.' b'' b'hristos sideropoulos and tashko bulev (or anastasios bulis)' b'have been charged under greek criminal law for making comments in' b'an athenian magazine.' b'' b'sideropoulos and bulev gave an interview to the greek weekly' b'magazine "ena" on march and said that they as' b'macedonians were denied basic human rights in greece and would' b'field an ethnic macedonian candidate for the up-coming greek' b'general election.' b'' b'bulev said in the interview: "i am not greek, i am macedonian."' b'sideropoulos said in the article that "greece should recognise' b'macedonia. the allegations regarding territorial aspirations' b'against greece are tales... we are in a panic to secure the' b'border, at a time when the borders and barriers within the eec' b'are falling."' b'' b'the main charge against the two, according to the court' b'summons, was that "they have spread...intentionally false' b'information which might create unrest and fear among the' b'citizens, and might affect the public security or harm the' b'international interests of the country (greece)."' b'' b'the greek state does not recognise the existence of a' b'macedonian ethnicity. there are believed to be between to' b'1,000,000 ethnic macedonians living within greece, largely' b'concentrated in the north. it is a crime against the greek state' b'if anyone declares themselves macedonian.' b'' b'in greece, serbia-yugoslavia and bulgaria partioned' b'macedonia into three pieces. in albania took macedonian' b'villages. the part under serbo-yugoslav occupation broke away in' b'1991 as the independent republic of macedonia. there are b'million macedonians in the republic; in bulgaria; b'in albania; and in serbia proper.' b'' b'sideropoulos has been a long time campaigner for macedonian' b'human rights in greece, and lost his job as a forestry worker a' b'few years ago. he was even exiled to an obscure greek island in' b'the mediteranean. only pressure from amnesty international forced' b'the greek government to allow him to return to his home town of' b'florina (lerin) in northern greece (aegean macedonia), where the' b'majority of ethnic macedonians live.' b'' b'balkan watchers see the sideropoulos affair as a show trial in' b'which greece is desperate to clamp down on internal dissent,' b'especially when it comes to the issue of recognition for its' b'northern neighbour, the republic of macedonia.' b'' b'last year the state department of the united states condemned' b'greece for its bad treatment of ethnic macedonians and turks (who' b'largely live in western thrace). but it remains to be seen if the' b'us government will do anything until the presidential elections' b'are over.' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 