b'' b'' b'' b'' b'u.n. general assembly resolution of december b'' b'assistance to the palestinian people' b'---------------------------------------------' b'the general assembly' b'' b'recalling its resolution of december b'' b'taking into account the intifadah of the palestinian people in the' b'occupied palestinian territory against the israeli occupation,' b'including israeli economic and social policies and practices,' b'' b'rejecting israeli restrictions on external economic and social' b'assistance to the palestinian people in the occupied palestinian' b'territory,' b'' b'concerned about the economic losses of the palestinian people as a' b'result of the gulf crisis,' b'' b'aware of the increasing need to provide economic and social' b'assistance to the palestinian people,' b'' b'affirming that the palestinian people cannot develop their' b'national economy as long as the israeli occupation persists,' b'' b'1. takes note of the report of the secretary-general on assistance' b'to the palestinian people;' b'' b'2. expresses its appreciation to the states, united nations bodies' b'and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations that have' b'provided assistance to the palestinian people,' b'' b'3. requests the international community, the united nations system' b'and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to' b'sustain and increase their assistance to the palestinian people,' b'in close cooperation with the palestine liberation organization' b'(plo), taking in account the economic losses of the palestinian' b'people as a result of the gulf crisis;' b'' b'4. calls for treatment on a transit basis of palestinian exports' b'and imports passing through neighbouring ports and points of exit' b'and entry;' b'' b'5. also calls for the granting of trade concessions and concrete' b'preferential measures for palestinian exports on the basis of' b'palestinian certificates of origin;' b'' b'6. further calls for the immediate lifting of israeli restrictions' b'and obstacles hindering the implementation of assistance projects' b'by the united nations development programme, other united nations' b'bodies and others providing economic and social assistance to the' b'palestinian people in the occupied palestinian territory;' b'' b'7. reiterates its call for the implementation of development' b'projects in the occupied palestinian territory, including the' b'projects mentioned in its resolution of december b'' b'8. calls for facilitation of the establishment of palestinian' b'development banks in the occupied palestinian territory, with a' b'view to promoting investment, production, employment and income' b'therein;' b'' b'9. requests the secretary-general to report to the general' b'the general assembly at its 47th session, through the economic and social' b'council, on the progress made in the implementation of the present' b'resolution.' b'-----------------------------------------------' b'' b'in favour countries (europe, canada, australia, new zealand,' b'japan, africa, south america, central america and asia) against:' b'united states and israel abstaining: none' b'' b'' 