b'' b'' b'the readers of this forum seemed to be more interested in the contents' b'of those files.' b'so it will be nice if yigal will tell us:' b'1. why do american authorities consider yigal arens to be dangerous?' b'' b'adl authorities seem to view a lot of people as dangerous, including' b'the millions of americans of arab ancestry. perhaps you can answer' b'the question as to why the adl maintained files and spied on adc members' b'in california (and elsewhere??)? friendly rivalry perhaps?' b'' b'come on! most if not all arabs are sympathetic to the palestinian war' b'against israel. that is why the adl monitors arab organizations. that is' b'the same reason the us monitored communist organizations and soviet nationals' b'only a few years ago.' b'' b'' b'the adc is an organization of arab-*americans*.' b'' b'let me see...you\'re saying that "most if not all" arab-americans should be' b'spied on? you\'re also saying that "most if not all" arab-americans' b'should be views as a national security threat to israel (and the us,' b'as you gratuitously imply in your reference to the wtc bombing, in' b'which no arab-americans were involved)? by inference, can we assume' b'that you think that anyone of arab lineage anywhere in the world poses' b'a threat to israel and, therefore, should be spied on?' b'' b'like it or not, edward, anwar has a very good, valid point. obviously,' b'in presenting it, he (quite legitimately and deliberately) takes a point' b'of view to an extreme which might not have been what you intended, but' b'that is one of the best ways to demonstrate a "slippery slope" type of' b'argument, which i believe was his aim.' b'' b'i very frankly believe that the adl will be proved innocent in this' b"case. i doubt there's enough evidence to weigh against them even in a" b'civil court, where preponderance of the evidence, not evidence beyond' b'any reasonable doubt, is the standard for "winning" such a case. that,' b"however, does not prevent me from seeing the merit in anwar's point." b'' b'rest deleted.' b'--' b'"how sad to see/a model of decorum and tranquillity/become like any other sport' b'a battleground for rival ideologies to slug it out with glee." -tim rice,"chess"' b'center for astrophysics and space astronomy, university of colorado, boulder' 