b'' b'accounts of anti-armenian human right violations in azerbaijan b'prelude to current events in nagorno-karabakh' b'' b'+----------------------------------------------------------+' b'| b'| i asked, "what\'s going on?" he says, "what\'s the matter, b"| can't you see, they've overturned a car and they're b'| killing armenians!" b'| b'+----------------------------------------------------------+' b'' b'deposition of zaven armenakovich badasian' b'' b'born b'employed' b'sumgait bulk yarn plant' b'' b'resident at building apartment b'microdistrict no. b'sumgait [azerbaijan]' b'' b'' b'on february my wife and i went to baku to go shopping and returned to' b'sumgait at around five in the evening. we ran into one of my relatives at the' b'bus station and got to talking. a lot of people had gathered not far away,' b"near the store. well at first we didn't know what was happening, and then a" b'fellow i know comes up to me, an azerbaijani guy, and says, "what are you' b'standing here for? go home immediately!" i asked, "what\'s going on?" he says,' b'"what\'s the matter, can\'t you see, they\'ve overturned a car and they\'re' b'killing armenians!" he helped me catch a cab and we got home safely.' b'' b'we sat at home for two days. during that time a gang of bandits came into our' b"courtyard. but the neighbors wouldn't let them in the building. there were" b'about of them. they had sticks and pieces of armatures in their hands. they' b"were shouting something, but you couldn't understand it. it wasn't one voice" b'or two, all of them were shouting in a chorus. they turned toward building b"they went up to the third _floor, and we see that they're breaking glass and" b'throwing things out the window. after a while they come out the entryway: one' b'has a pair of jeans in his hands, another has a tape recorder, and a third a' b'guitar. they went on toward the auto parts store.' b'' b'we had to save ourselves. after midnight on march we went to hide at school' b'no. which is in microdistrict there were two other armenian families' b'there with us. there were of us altogether. out of all of them i had only' b'known ernest before, he had moved to sumgait from kirovabad. the azerbaijani' b"guard at the school let us in. at first he didn't want to, but there was" b'nowhere else for us to go. we had to plead with him and talk him into it. we' b'were told that on that day, the 1st, there would be an attack on our' b'microdistrict.' b'' b'we went upstairs to a classroom on the second floor.' b'' b'on the city radio station they announced three telephone numbers that could be' b'used to summon assistance or communicate anything important. i called one of' b'them and the first secretary of the sumgait city party committee answered. i' b'asked him for assistance. i say, "we\'re in school no. we need to be' b'evacuated." well he says, "got it, wait there, i\'m sending out help now."' b'' b'i know his voice. the first secretary had been to our plant, i had spoken with' b'him personally. when i called he said, "muslimzade here."' b'' b'about two hours after the call we heard shouts near the school. we looked out' b'the window and about to people were outside saying, "armenians, come' b'out, we\'re here to get you." they have clubs, axes, and armature shafts in' b'their hands. the guard sat there with us, and asked, "where should i go?" i' b'say, "if your life is of any value to you you\'ll go down there and say that' b'the armenians were here and that they left." that\'s what he did. he went down' b'there and said, "the armenians were here," he said, "i let them out the back' b'door, they went that way." and pointed with his hand. and with shouts and' b'noise the mob set off in the direction he had pointed.' b'' b'so the assistance we had been promised did come. they sent us help, all right!' b'instead of sending real soldiers he had sent his own. i am positive that' b'muslimzade did that. no one had seen us entering the school, no one knew that' b'we were there. in any case, we stayed at the school until seven in the' b'morning, and no soldiers of any sort came to our aid.' b'' b"in the morning we went to my relative's in microdistrict and the soldiers" b'took us to the sk club from there. the club was jammed with people, and there' b'were lots of people ahead of us--there was no space available. one small boy,' b"about three months old, died right in my arms. there wasn't a single doctor," b'nothing. the boy was uninjured, there were no wounds or bruises on him. he was' b'just very ill. they gave him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, they did everything' b'they could under the circumstances, but were unable to save him. and his' b'mother and father, a young armenian couple, were right there, on the floor b'' b'i searched for a spot for us in the sk, we have a small child of our own, i' b'wanted to find a room or something to put my family in. i went up to the third' b'floor, there were a lot of soldiers up there, bandaged, with canes, limping,' b'with their heads broken open. they were a terrible sight. young guys, all of' b'them.' b'' b'there were a lot of bandaged armenians, too. everyone had been beaten,' b'everyone was crying, wailing, and calling for help. i think that the city' b'party committee ignored us completely. true, there was a snack bar: a sausage' b'was kopeks or kopeks, a package of cookies that cost kopeks was being' b'sold for a bottled soft drink cost a ruble but there was no way to' b'get the things any cheaper.' b'' b'i met my old uncle, aram mikhailovich, there. he saw me and tears welled up in' b'his eyes. my whole life he had told me that we were friendly peoples, that we' b'worked together, he always had azerbaijanis over at his house. and now he saw' b'me and there was nothing he could say, he just cried. you can understand his' b'feelings, of course.' b'' b'april b'yerevan' b'' b'- reference b'' b'[1] _the sumgait tragedy; pogroms against armenians in soviet azerbaijan,' b'volume i, eyewitness accounts_, edited by samuel shahmuradian, forward by' b'yelena bonner, published by aristide d. caratzas, ny, pages b'' b'' b'--' b's.d.p.a. center for regional studies anatolia and has forgotten the' b'p.o. box punishment inflicted on it." b'cambridge, ma late turkish president turgut ozal' 