b'' b' look mr. atakan: i have repeated it in the past, and i shall repeat it once' b' more, that when it comes to how greeks are treating the turks in greece,' b' you and your copatriots should simply shut up.' b'' b' because what you are hearing is simply a form of propaganda from your ethnic' b' fellows who studied at the greek universities without paying any money for' b' tuition, food, and helth insurance.' b'' b' and any high school graduate can put down some simple math and compare the' b' grouth of the turkish community in greece with the destruction of the greek' b' minority in turkey.' b'' b' aykut atalay atakan' b'' b' panos tamamidis' b'' b' mr. tamamidis:' b'' b' before repling your claims, i suggest you be kind to individuals' b' who are trying to make some points abouts human rights, discriminations,' b' and unequal treatment of turkish minority in greece.i want the world' b' know how bad you treat these people. you will deny anything i say but' b' it does not make any difrence because i will write things that i saw with' b' my eyes.you prove yourself prejudice by saying free insurance, school' b' etc. do you greeks only give these things to turkish minority or' b' everybody has rights to get them.your words even discriminate' b' these people. you think that you are giving big favor to these' b' people by giving these thing that in reality they get nothing.' b' if you do not know unhuman practices that are being conducted' b' by the government of the greece, i suggest that you investigate' b' to see the facts. then, we can discuss about the most basic' b' human rights like fredom of religion,' b"if you did not see with your 'eyes' freedom of religion you" b'must ne at least blind b' fredom of press of turkish' b'2 weeks ago i read the interview of a turkish journalist in a greek magazine,' b'he said nothing about being forbiden to have turkish press in greece b' minority, ethnic cleansing of all turks in greece,' b'give as a brake. you call athnic cleansing of apopulation when it doubles?' b' freedom of' b' right to have property without government intervention,' b'what do you mean by that anyway in greece, as in every country if you want' b"some property you 'inform' the goverment b' fredom of right to vote to choose your community leaders,' b'well well well. when turkish in area of komotini elect out of b'represenatives of this area to greek parliament, if not freedom what is it?' b'3 out of maybe there are only turks living there b' how greek government encourages people to destroy' b' religious places, houses, farms, schools for turkish minority then' b' forcing them to go to turkey without anything with them.' b'i cannot deny that actions of fanatics from both sides were reported.' b'a minority of greek idiots indeed attack religious places, which' b'were protected by the greek police. photographs of greek policemen' b'preventing turks from this non brain minority were all over greek press.' b' before i conclude my writing, let me point out how greeks are' b' treated in turkey. we do not consider them greek minority, instead' b' we consider a part of our society. there is no difference among people in' b' turkey. we do not state that greek minority go to turkish universities,' b' get free insurance, food, and health insurance because these are basic' b' human needs and they are a part of turkish community. all big businesses' b' belong to greeks in turkey and we are proud to have them.unlike the' b' greece which tries to destroy turkish minority, we encourage all' b' minorities in turkey to be a part of turkish society.' b'' b'' b'oh no. please do give as a brake b'minorities in turkish treated like that your own countrymen die' b'in the prisons every day bacause of their political beliefs, an this' b'is reported by turks, and you want us to believe tha turkey is the paradise' b'of human rights business of greeks i turkey? yes years ago b'you seem to be intelligent, so before presenting turkey as the paradise of' b'human rights just invastigate this matter a bit more.' b'' b' aykut atalay atakan' b'' 