b'' b'' b'o.k., its my turn:' b'' b' driving the jews into the sea b'' b"i am sick and tired of this 'driving the jews into the sea' sentance attributed" b"to islamic movements and the plo; it simply can't be proven as part of their" b'plan b'' b'' b'may i suggest you chech out the _palestinian national covenant it may' b"not use the exact words as quoted above but i'm sure many will agree that the" b'same message is being issued. later on when i get back home i will try to find' b'the precise section(s) but you can do the research for now (i hope). i also' b'realize that yasser arafat renounced the _covenant_ *to the western media only*' b'but he has yet to inform the pnc officially and enequivocally of his exact' b'intentions on this issue. therefore, as far as we are concerned the _covenant_' b'still stands as the "bible" (so to speak) of the mainstream palestinian' b'national movement!' b'' b'' b'(pro israeli activists repeat it like parrots without checking its authenticity' b'since it was coined by bnai brith)' b'' b'as a staunch pro-israel activist i can confidently say that bnai brith has not' b'influenced my opinions on the arab-israeli conflict. as i mentioned above,' b'just a little research on the subject will lead anyone to reach a similar' b'conclusion on the palestinian national movement (the plo in most cases). bb' b'does not properly speak for me nor many of the people around me who share' b'my views.' b'' b'' b'what hamas and islamic jihad believe in, as far as i can get from the arab media,' b'is an islamic state that protects the rights of all its inhabitants under koranic' b'law. this would be a reversal of the situation in which the jews in' b'palestine took control of the land and its (mostly muslim) inhabitants.' b'' b'' b'what situation? a negative situation i presume? is this the same' b'"situation" when the jordanian occupiers of east jerusalem would not allow the' b'jews to go worship at the holiest site in judiasm? was this an example of' b"qu'ranic law being exercised? if not, i have another suggested reading for" b'you... get into the "soc.culture.arabic" newsgroup where the posters have been' b'debating the topic "jews in the qu\'ran" (and may i remind you the people doing' b"the debating appear to be devout muslims with some knowledge of the qu'ran)." b"you will find that jews aren't really viewed positively by the qu'ran (to put" b'it lightly). so how do you think jews (or any other non-islamic religion) will' b"be treated by an islamic state governed by the words of the qu'ran? i think" b'the "situation" in jerusalem will return *at best*! what do you' b'think?' b'' b'however, whoever committed crimes against humanity (torture, blowing up their' b'homes, murders,...) must be treated and tried as a war criminal. the political' b'thought of these movements shows that a freedom of choice will be given to the' b'jews in living under the new law or leaving to the destintion of their choice.' b'' b'all i have to say to that is, once again, see s.c.a "jews in the qu\'ran" and' b'think again. "freedom of choice" is *definitely* not an option in qu\'ranic' b"law especially for non-muslims and all women! remember the gulf war? i'm sure" b'you saw the reports about how women had few rights in saudi arabia (an islamic' b'state).' b'' b'' b"as for the plo, i am at a loss to explain what is going inside arafat's mind." b'' b'' b'probably nothing! aside from how to break the news to his palestinian brethren' b'that the _covenant_ is "null and void" without getting assassinated himself!' b'' b'although their political thinking seems far fetched with israel acting as a true' b'super-power in the region, the islamic movements are using the same weapon the' b'jews used to establish their state religion.' b'' b'' b'in conclusion, ahmed, you should go to the library and find the _palestinian' b'national covenant and read it very carefully. by the way, redpath' b'library does have it in stock because that is exactly where i found it when i' b'was doing my research. so enjoy the reading and i hope we will be hearing back' b'from you soon!' b'' b'- mike' b'' b'---' b'mi ke mik emik emi k "opinions expressed above' b'm i k e m i k e m are my own and not that' b'm i k e mikem i kem i k of \'big blue\'"' b'm i k e m ike m ike mike' b'' b'ibm corp., toronto, canada' 