b'' b' dear mr. beyer:' b' b' it is never wise to confuse "freedom of speech" with "freedom"' b' of racism and violent deragatory."' b' b' it is unfortunate that many fail to understand this crucial' b' distinction.' b'' b' \tin fact, if a speach was not offensive to some, its' b' protection under freedom of speach laws would be useless. it is' b' speach that some find questionable that must be protected, be' b' it religiously blasphemous or inherently racist. it is only' b' through civilized discourse and not scare tactics that one can' b' enlighten those that one perceives to be ignorant. that is the' b' idea behind freedom of expression.' b' \twhat you find offensive might be perceived as truth by' b' some and what they might find offensive might be your belief.' b' it is only through free exchange of ideas (and insults as the' b' case seems to be with this channel) that one can change' b" another's erring ways.that is why jefferson said that here" b' we are not afraid to "tolerate error so long as reason is left to' b' combat it".' b'' b"those who forward offensive posts to the sysadmin aren't curtailing" b"anyones' freedom of speech. the neo-nazi movement has a right to" b'make speeches, say anything they want. they do not have a right' b'to have these speeches published by the n.y. times. that depends' b'on the times analysis of the economic and to somewhat extent' b'newsworthy value of those speeches. likewise to the sysadmin' b'of this fellows system. if he feels his resources are being' b'used in a manner that is not in his best interests, or are' b'perhaps embarassing to his organization, he will act just as' b'the new york times does, not to be a conduit for these ideas.' b"the poster is after all free-loading off of someone else's" b'pocket book when he posts. he who controls the purse strings' b'has the right to make the decision how he wants those funds' b'spent or not spent.' b'' b'noone is going to put the poster in jail, unless he bombs a local' b'building as a symbol of his hatred. freedom of speech in no' b'way equates to accessibility to conduits of information. the' b'market of ideas has its own "natural selection" process that' b'weeds out the ga-ga from the credible ideas that are of' b'importance.' b'' b'' b'seth rosenthal' b'' b"disclaimer: all opinions are my own not my employers'." 