b'' b'' b'it seems to me that many readers of this conference are interested' b'who is behind the center for polict research. i will oblige.' b'' b'trumpets, please.' b'' b'my name is elias davidsson, icelandic citizen, born in palestine. my' b"mother was thrown from germany because she belonged to the 'undesirables'" b"(at that times this group was defined as 'jews'). she was forced to go" b'to palestine due to many cynical factors.' b'' b'"forced to go to palestine." how dreadful. unlike other' b"undesirables/jews, she wasn't forced to go into a gas chamber, forced" b'under a bulldozer, thrown into a river, forced into a "medical' b'experiment" like a rat, forced to march until she dropped dead, burned' b'to nothingness in a crematorium. your mother was "forced to go to' b'palestine." you have our deepest sympathies.' b'' b'i have meanwhile settled in iceland years ago)' b'' b"we are pleased to hear of your escape. at least you won't have to" b'suffer the same fate that your mother did.' b'' b'and met many people who were thrown out from' b'my homeland, palestine,' b'' b'your homeland, palestine?' b'' b'because of the same reason (they belonged to' b"the 'indesirables')." b'' b'should we assume that you are refering here to jews who were kicked' b'out of their homes in jerusalem during the jordanian occupation of' b'east jerusalem? these are the same people who are now being called' b'thieves for re-claiming houses that they once owned and lived in and' b'never sold to anyone?' b'' b'these people include my neighbors in jerusalem' b'with the children of whom i played as child. their crime: theyare' b'not jews.' b'' b'i have never heard of not being a jew as a crime. certainly in' b'israel, there is no such crime. in some times and places being a jew' b'is a crime, but not being a jew??!!' b'' b'my conscience does not accept such injustice, period.' b'' b'our brains do not accept your logic, yet, either.' b'' b'my' b'work for justice is done in the name of my principled opposition to racism' b'and racial discrimination. those who protest against such practices' b'in arab countries have my support as long as their protest is based' b'on a principled position, but not as a tactic to deflect criticism' b'from israel.' b'' b"the way you've written this, you seem to accept criticism in the arab" b'world unless it deflects criticism from israel, in which case, we have' b'to presume, you no longer support criticism of the arab world.' b'' b'the struggle against discrimination and racism is universal.' b'' b"look who's taling about discrimination now!" b'' b'the center for policy research is a name i gave to those activities' b'undertaken under my guidance in different domains, and which command' b'the support of many volunteers in iceland. it is however not a formal' b'institution and works with minimal funds.' b'' b'be careful. you are starting to sound like barfling.' b'' b'professionally i am music teacher and composer. i have published' b'several pieces and my piano music is taught widely in europe.' b'' b'i would hope that discussion about israel/palestine be conducted in' b'a more civilized manner. calling names is not helpful.' b'' b'good. don\'t call yourself "arf" or "the center for policy research",' b'either.' b'' b'--' b'american-occupied new york have replaced jimmy carter as the' b'my opinions only employer has no opinions. standard of a failed president.' 