b'' b'referring to notes from the personal diary of russian general l.' b'odishe liyetze on the turkish front, he wrote,' b'' b'"on the nights march, alone armenian butchers' b'bayoneted and axed to death muslims in areas surrounding' b'erzincan. these barbars threw their victims into pits, most' b'likely dug according to their sinister plans to extinguish' b'muslims, in groups of my adjutant counted and unearthed' b'200 such pits. this is an act against our world of civilization."' b'' b'on march lieut-colonel griyaznof wrote (from an official' b'russian account of the turkish genocide),' b'' b'"roads leading to villages were littered with bayoneted torsos,' b'dismembered joints and carved out organs of muslim peasants...' b'alas! mainly of women and children."' b'' b'source: doc. dr. azmi suslu, "russian view on the atrocities committed' b'by the armenians against the turks," ankara universitesi, ankara,' b'1987, pp. b'"document no: archive no: cabin no: drawer' b'no: file no: section no: contents no: b'(acting commander of erzurum and deveboynu regions and commander' b'of the second erzurum artillery regiment prisoner of war,' b'lieutenant colonel toverdodleyov)' b'' b'"the things i have heard and seen during the two months, until the' b'liberation of erzurum by the turks, have surpassed all the' b'allegations concerning the vicious, degenerate characteristic of' b'the armenians. during the russian occupation of erzurum, no armenian' b'was permitted to approach the city and its environs.' b'' b'while the commander of the first army corps, general kaltiyin remained' b'in power, troops including armenian enlisted men, were not sent to the' b'area. when the security measures were lifted, the armenians began to' b'attack erzurum and its surroundings. following the attacks came the' b'plundering of the houses in the city and the villages and the murder' b'of the owners of these houses...plundering was widely committed by' b'the soldiers. this plunder was mainly committed by armenian soldiers' b'who had remained in the rear during the war.' b'' b'one day, while passing through the streets on horseback, a group of' b'soldiers including an armenian soldier began to drag two old men of' b'seventy years in a certain direction. the roads were covered with mud,' b'and these people were dragging the two helpless turks through the mud' b'and dirt...' b'' b'it was understood later that all these were nothing but tricks and' b'traps. the turks who joined the gendarmarie soon changed their minds' b'and withdrew. the reason was that most of the turks who were on night' b'patrol did not return, and no one knew what had happened to them. the' b'turks who had been sent outside the city for labour began to disappear' b'also. finally, the court martial which had been established for the' b'trials of murderers and plunderers, began to liquidate itself for' b'fear that they themselves would be punished. the incidents of murder' b'and rape, which had decreased, began to occur more frequently.' b'' b'sometime in january and february, a leading turkish citizen haci bekir' b'efendi from erzurum, was killed one night at his home. the commander' b'in chief (odiselidge) gave orders to find murderers within three days.' b'the commander in chief has bitterly reminded the armenian intellectuals' b'that disobedience among the armenian enlisted men had reached its' b'highest point, that they had insulted and robbed the people and half' b'of the turks sent outside the city had not returned.' b'' b'...we learnt the details this incident from the commander-in-chief,' b'odishelidge. they were as follows:' b'' b'the killings were organized by the doctors and the employers, and the' b'act of killing was committed solely by the armenian renegades...' b'more than eight hundred unarmed and defenceless turks have been' b'killed in erzincan. large holes were dug and the defenceless' b'turks were slaughtered like animals next to the holes. later, the' b'murdered turks were thrown into the holes. the armenian who stood' b'near the hole would say when the hole was filled with the corpses:' b"'seventy dead bodies, well, this hole can take ten more.' thus ten" b'more turks would be cut into pieces, thrown into the hole, and when' b'the hole was full it would be covered over with soil.' b'' b'the armenians responsible for the act of murdering would frequently' b'fill a house with eighty turks, and cut their heads off one by one.' b'following the erzincan massacre, the armenians began to withdraw' b'towards erzurum... the armenian renegades among those who withdrew' b'to erzurum from erzincan raided the moslem villages on the road, and' b'destroyed the entire population, together with the villages.' b'' b'during the transportation of the cannons, ammunition and the carriages' b'that were outside the war area, certain people were hired among the' b'kurdish population to conduct the horse carriages. while the travellers' b'were passing through erzurum, the armenians took advantage of the time' b'when the russian soldiers were in their dwellings and began to kill' b'the kurds they had hired. when the russian soldiers heard the cries' b'of the dying kurds, they attempted to help them. however, the' b'armenians threatened the russian soldiers by vowing that they would' b'have the same fate if they intervened, and thus prevented them from' b'acting. all these terrifying acts of slaughter were committed with' b'hatred and loathing.' b'' b'lieutenant medivani from the russian army described an incident that' b'he witnessed in erzurum as follows: an armenian had shot a kurd. the' b'kurd fell down but did not die. the armenian attempted to force the' b'stick in his hand into the mouth of the dying kurd. however, since' b'the kurd had firmly closed his jaws in his agony, the armenian failed' b'in his attempt. having seen this, the armenian ripped open the abdomen' b'of the kurd, disembowelled him, and finally killed him by stamping' b'him with the iron heel of his boot.' b'' b'odishelidge himself told us that all the turks who could not escape' b'from the village of ilica were killed. their heads had been cut off' b'by axes. he also told us that he had seen thousands of murdered' b'children. lieutenant colonel gryaznov, who passed through the village' b'of ilica, three weeks after the massacre told us the following:' b'' b'there were thousands of dead bodies hacked to pieces, on the roads.' b'every armenian who happened to pass through these roads, cursed and' b'spat on the corpses. in the courtyard of a mosque which was about' b'25x30 meter square, dead bodies were piled to a height of b'centimeters. among these corpses were men and women of every age,' b"children and old people. the women's bodies had obvious marks of" b'rape. the genitals of many girls were filled with gun-powder.' b'' b'a few educated armenian girls, who worked as telephone operators' b'for the armenian troops were called by lieutenant colonel gryaznov' b'to the courtyard of the mosque and he bitterly told them to be' b"proud of what the armenians had done. to the lieutenant colonel's" b'disgusted amazement, the armenian girls started to laugh and giggle,' b'instead of being horrified. the lieutenant colonel had severely' b'reprimanded those girls for their indecent behaviour. when he told' b'the girls that the armenians, including women, were generally more' b'licentious than even the wildest animals, and that their indecent' b'and shameful laughter was the most obvious evidence of their inhumanity' b'and barbarity, before a scene that appalled even veteran soldiers,' b'the armenian girls finally remembered their sense of shame and' b'claimed they had laughed because they were nervous.' b'' b'an armenian contractor at the alaca communication zone command' b'narrated the following incident which took place on february b'' b'the armenians had nailed a turkish women to the wall. they had cut' b"out the women's heart and placed the heart on top of her head." b'the great massacre in erzurum began on february the enlisted men' b'of the artillery division caught and stripped people. then they' b'took these people into the bath to satisfy their lusts. people' b'among this group were able to save their lives as the result of' b'my decisive attempts. the others, the armenians claimed, were' b'released when they learnt that i understood what was going on.' b'among those who organized this treacherous act was the envoy to the' b'armenian officers, karagodaviev. today, some turks were murdered' b'on the streets.' b'' b'on february some armenians have shot more than ten innocent' b'moslems. the russian soldiers who attempted to save these people were' b'threatened with death. meanwhile i imprisoned an armenian for' b'murdering an innocent turk.' b'' b'when an armenian officer told an armenian murderer that he would' b"be hanged for his crime, the killer shouted furiously: 'how dare" b"you hang an armenian for killing a turk?' in erzurum, the" b'armenians burned down the turkish market. on february i heard' b'that the entire population of tepekoy village, situated within' b'the artillery area, had been totally annihilated. on the same' b'day when antranik entered erzurum, i reported the massacre to' b'him, and asked him to track down the perpetrators of this horrible' b'act. however no result was achieved.' b'' b'in the villages whose inhabitants had been massacred, there was a' b'natural silence. on the night of february, the armenians deceived' b'the russians, perpetrated a massacre and escaped for fear of the' b'turkish soldiers. later, it was understood that this massacre had' b'been based upon a method organized and planned in a circular.' b'the population had been herded in a certain place and then killed' b'one by one. the number of murders committed on that night reached' b'three thousand. it was the armenians who bragged to about the details' b'of the massacre. the armenians fighting against the turkish soldiers' b'were so few in number and so cowardly that they could not even' b'withstand the turkish soldiers who consisted of only five hundred' b'people and two cannons, for one night, and ran away. the leading' b'armenians of the community could have prevented this massacre.' b'however, the armenian intellectuals had shared the same ideas with' b'the renegades in this massacre, just as in all the others. the lower' b'classes within the armenian community have always obeyed the orders' b'of the leading armenian figures and commanders.' b'' b'i do not like to give the impression that all armenian intellectuals' b'were accessories to these murders. no, for there were people who' b'opposed the armenians for such actions, since they understood that' b'it would yield no result. however, such people were only a minority.' b'furthermore, such people were considered as traitors to the armenian' b'cause. some have seemingly opposed the armenian murders but have' b'supported the massacres secretly. some, on the other hand, preferred' b'to remain silent. there were certain others, who, when accused by' b"the russians of infamy, would say the following: 'you are russians." b"you can never understand the armenian cause.' the armenians had a" b'conscience. they would commit massacres and then would flee in fear' b'of the turkish soldiers."' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 