b'' b'' b'this implies both sides are equal. true, it may sometimes be difficult or' b'' b'still living in an alternate universe? numerous articles in major newspapers' b'(london times) and periodicals (newsweek) during the war, had suggested' b'the existence of a significant collaboration between armenians and the' b'nazis. arthur derounian deserves credit for being the first person to' b"deal with this issue extensively. derounian's motives were twofold: his" b'deeply held democratic convictions gave him a sense of duty and he felt' b'obliged to shed light on this yet another dark chapter of armenian history.' b"concurrently, derounian embarked on what one would call 'crisis control'" b'or face-saving. in order to forestall any potential attacks on the larger' b'armenian community in the united states, he marginalized collaboration' b'as deplorable but insignificant.[1]' b'' b"[1] john roy carlson (real name arthur derounian), 'the plotters,'" b'e. p. dutton company, inc., new york p. b'' b'' b'source: "mitteilungsblatt, berlin, december nr. and b'' b'yet another historical fact: a fact that for years has been deliberately' b'forgotten, concealed, and wiped from memory the fact of armenian-nazi' b'collaboration.' b'' b'a magazine called mitteilungsblatt der deutsch-armenischen gesselschaft' b'is the clearest and most definite proof of this collaboration. the' b'magazine was first published in berlin in during nazi rule of germany' b'and continued publication until the end of even the name of the' b'magazine, which implies a declaration of armenian-nazi cooperation,' b'is attention-getting.' b'' b'this magazine, every issue of which proves the collaboration, is historically' b'important as documentary evidence. it is a heap of writing that should be' b'an admonition to world opinion and to all mankind.' b'' b'in nazi germany, armenians were considered to be an aryan race and certain' b'political, economic, and social rights were thus granted to them. they' b'occupied positions in public service and were partners in nazi practices.' b'the whole world of course knows what awaited those who were not considered' b'"aryan" and what befell them.' b'' b'now wait, there is more.' b'' b'source: "from sardarapat to sevres and lausanne" by avetis aharonian. the' b'armenian review, vol. no. autumn, sep. pp. b'' b'p. (second paragraph).' b'' b'"your three chiefs, dro, hamazasp and kulkhandanian are the ringleaders' b'of the bands which have destroyed tartar villages and have staged' b'massacres in zangezour, surmali, etchmiadzin, and zangibasar. this is' b'intolerable. look and here he pointed to a file of official documents' b'on the table look at this, here in december are the reports of the last' b'few months concerning ruined tartar villages which my representative' b'wardrop has sent me. the official tartar communique speaks of the' b'destruction of villages."' b'' b'' b'p. (fifth paragraph).' b'' b'"yes, of course. i repeat, until this massacre of the tartars is stopped' b'and the three chiefs are not removed from your military leadership i' b'hardly think we can supply you arms and ammunition."' b'' b'"...it is the armed bands led by dro, hamazasp and kulkhandanian who' b'during the past months have raided and destroyed many tartar villages in' b'the regions of surmali, etchmiadzin, zangezour, and zangibasar. there are' b'official charges of massacres."' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 