b'' b'' b'it was shafting on the part of the arab land owners for doing it' b'without notifying their tenant farmers and for not being responsible' b'enough to make provisions for them, but rather just leaving' b'them to their fate.' b'' b'if a landlord sells an apartment building "vacant" to another landlord' b'and fails to notify his tenants, they just might find themselves out' b'on the street all of a sudden. the seller may be a scoundrel and a' b'crook but this doesn\'t make the buyer a "thief", as israelis are so' b'often called here on tpm.' b'' b'it is interesting though that you acknowledge that the' b'palestinians were shafted. do many israelis or jews share' b'your opinion do you absolve the purchaser from' b"any ethical commitments just because it wasn't written down?" b'' b"i don't know if others share this opinion. it is mine," b"and i'm sure there are some who agree and some who don't" b'the way i see it, the fallahin were caught in circumstances' b"beyond their control, in that since they didn't own the land," b'they didn\'t have a say. of course, now for the sake of the "greater' b'arab unity" the arabs are angry that the land was sold to the jews' b'(an act that is illegal in jordan), but when it happened, it was just' b'business.' b'' b'the arabs that lived along the coast in western palestine, later to be' b"called israel, were shafted by their brother arabs just as they've" b'been shafted for decades since then by their arab bretheren. somehow,' b'though, the arab call has continued to blame israel, not only for the' b'syrian landowner sell-out in western palestine (israel) but even for' b'the occupation of eastern palestine (jordan) by the hashemites. this' b"is just more of refusing to take blame for one's own actions." b'' b'infra-structure etc...). imho the palestinians have grounds' b'to contest the legality of the purchase, say in world court.' b'' b'if your job was eliminated in a corporate takeover, you could probably' b"go to court, too. you'd probably lose, though." b'' b'--' b'american-occupied new york have replaced jimmy carter as the' b'my opinions only employer has no opinions. standard of a failed president.' 