b'' b'' b'or, as we have painfully witnessed in azerbaijan, would like to see' b'it happen again...' b'' b'is this the joke of the month?' b'' b'1. your fascist grandparents exterminated million muslim people' b'between and b'' b'2. your nazi parents fully participated in the extermination of the' b'european jewry during wwii.' b'' b'3. your criminal cousins have been slaughtering muslim women, children' b'and elderly people in fascist x-soviet armenia and karabag for the last' b'four years.' b'' b'the entire population of x-soviet armenia now, as a result of the' b'genocide of million muslim people, are armenians.' b'' b'for nearly one thousand years, the turkish and kurdish people' b'lived on their homeland the last one hundred under the' b'oppressive soviet and armenian occupation. the persecutions' b'culminated in the armenian government planned and carried' b'out a genocide against its muslim subjects. million turks' b'and kurds were murdered and the remainder driven out of their' b'homeland. after one thousand years, turkish and kurdish lands' b'were empty of turks and kurds.' b'' b'the survivors found a safe heaven in turkiye.' b'' b'today, x-soviet armenian government rejects the right of turks and' b'kurds to return to their muslim lands occupied by x-soviet armenia.' b'' b'today, x-soviet armenian government covers up the genocide perpetrated' b'by its predecessors and is therefore an accessory to this crime against' b'humanity.' b'' b'x-soviet armenian government must pay for their crime of genocide' b'against the muslims by admitting to the crime and making reparations' b'to the turks and kurds.' b'' b'turks and kurds demand the right to return to their lands, to determine' b'their own future as a nation in their own homeland.' b'' b'during the 78th anniversary, we come once again reiterate the' b'unity of the muslim people, the timelessness of the turkish' b'and kurdish demands and the desire to pursue the struggle' b'for that restitution a struggle that unites all turks and kurds.' b'' b'today, we appeal to all turkish and kurdish people in the united' b'states and canada to participate en masse in the commemorative' b'events, be they cultural, political or religious.' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 