b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'today marks the 78th anniversary of the armenian genocide of' b'2.5 million turks and kurds in eastern anatolia and x-soviet' b'armenia. the following letter, which represents a small portion' b'of the full text, along with more than pages of historical' b'documents, scholarly sources, eyewitness accounts and photographs,' b'was sent to president bill clinton, members of congress, editors,' b'program directors and columnists of major newspapers, journals and' b'radio/tv stations for the 78th anniversary of the armenian genocide' b'of million muslim people. on april of every year, the people' b'of turkiye remember their dead. they grieve for lost family and the' b'lost homes of their grandfathers. this year the turkish nation is' b'mourning and praying again for her fallen heroes who gave their' b'lives generously and with altruism, so that the future generations' b'may live on that anointed soil of the turkish land happily and' b'prosperously.' b'' b'------------------------- letter b'' b'during the years of world war i, the x-soviet armenian government' b"has planned and perpetrated the 'genocide' of the muslim people, which" b'not only took the lives of million muslim people, but was also the' b'method used to empty the turkish homeland of its inhabitants. to this day,' b'turkish historic lands remain occupied by the x-soviet armenia. in order' b'to cover up the fact of its usurpation of the historic turkish homeland,' b'which is the crux of turkish political demands, fascist x-soviet armenia' b'continues its anti-turkish policy in the following ways:' b'' b'1. x-soviet armenia denies the historical fact of the turkish genocide' b'in order to shift international public opinion away from its political' b'responsibility.' b'' b'2. x-soviet armenia, employing asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism' b'triangle, attempts to call into question the veracity of the turkish' b'genocide.' b'' b'3. x-soviet armenia has also implemented state-sponsored terrorism through' b'the asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism triangle in an attempt to' b"silence the turkish people's vehement demands and protests." b'' b'4. using all its human, financial, and governmental resources, x-soviet' b'armenia and its tools in the united states attempt to silence through' b'terrorism, bribery and other subversive methods, non-turkish supporters' b'of the turkish cause, be they political, governmental and humanitarian.' b'' b'using all the aforementioned methods, the x-soviet armenian government' b'is attempting to neutralize the international diplomatic community from' b'making the turkish case a contemporary issue.' b'' b'yet despite the efforts of the x-soviet armenian government and its' b'terrorist and revisionist organizations, in the last decades, thanks' b'to the struggle of those whose closest ones have been systematically' b'exterminated by the armenians, the international wall of silence on' b'this issue has begun to collapse, and consequently a number of' b'governments and organizations have become supportive of the recognition' b'of the turkish genocide.' b'' b'with the full knowledge that the struggle for the turkish territorial' b'demands are still in their initial stages, the turkish and kurdish people' b'will unflaggingly continue in this sacred struggle, therefore the victims' b'of the turkish genocide demand:' b'' b'1. that the x-soviet armenian government, as the heirs of the armenian' b'dictatorship, recognize the turkish genocide;' b'' b'2. that x-soviet armenia return the historic homeland to the turkish and' b'kurdish people;' b'' b'3. that the x-soviet armenian government make material reparations for' b'their heinous and unspeakable crime to the victims of the turkish genocide;' b'' b'4. that all world governments, and especially the united states, officially' b'recognize the turkish genocide and turkish territorial rights and refuse' b'to succumb to all armenian political pressure;' b'' b'5. that the u.s. government free itself from the friendly position it' b'has adopted towards its unreliable ally, x-soviet armenia, and officially' b'recognize the historical fact of the turkish genocide as well as be' b'supportive of the pursuit of turkish territorial demands;' b'' b'6. that the x-soviet republics officially recognize the historical fact' b'of the turkish genocide and include the cold-blooded extermination of' b'2.5 million muslim people in their history books.' b'' b'the awareness of the turkish people of the necessity of solidarity in the' b'efforts to pursue the turkish cause is seen by the victims of the first' b'genocide of the 20th century as a positive step. furthermore, a new' b'generation has risen equipped with a deep sense of commitment, politically' b'mature and conscious, who determinedly pursue the turkish cause, through' b'all necessary means, ranging from the political and diplomatic to the' b'armed struggle. therefore, the victims of the turkish genocide call upon' b'all muslims in the united states and canada to participate vigorously in' b'the political, cultural and religious activities of the 78th anniversary' b'of the armenian genocide of million muslim people.' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 