b'' b'' b'eh???? could you please give me details about an event where a "neutral' b'observer" was killed by purpose by an israeli soldier?' b'' b"actually, i'm still trying to understand the self-justifying rationale" b'behind the recent murder of ian feinberg in gaza.' b'' b'hate to be simple minded about this tim, but i think its' b'really very simple. he was a dirty jew. and the only good jew, in' b'some peoples mind, is a dead jew. thats what years of propaganda' b'that fails to discriminate between jew and zionist will do. thats' b"what years of statements like the ones i've appended will do to" b'someones mind. they make people sick. they drag down political' b'discourse to the point where killing your opponent is an honorable way' b'to resolve a dispute.' b'' b'what else can come of such demagogery? peace?' b'' b'adam' b'' b'' b'arafat on political pluralism:' b'' b'``any palestinian leader who suggests ending the intifada' b'exposes himself to the bullets of his own people and' b'endangers his life. the plo will know how to deal with' b"him.''" b'--- arafat, kuwaiti news agency, b'' b'arafat on the massacre at tienamin square:' b'' b'``... on behalf of the arab palestinian people, their' b'leadership, and myself... [i] take this opportunity to express' b'extreme gratification that you were able to restore normal order' b"after the recent incidents in people's china.''" b'--- arafat in telegram sent to the head of the chinese communist party' b'' b'yassir arafat, humanitarian:' b'' b'``open fire on the new jewish immigrants be they from the' b'soviet union, ethiopia, or anywhere else. it would be a disgrace if' b'we did not lift a finger while herds of immigrants settle our' b'territory. i want you to shoot... it makes no difference if they' b'live in jaffa or jericho. i give you explicit orders to open fire.' b"do everything to stop the flow of immigration.''" b'--- yassir arafat, al muharar (lebanese weekly), april b'' b'yassir arafat on genocide:' b'' b'``when the arabs set off their volcano, there will only be arabs in' b'this part of the world. our people will continue to fuel the torch' b'of the revolution with rivers of blood until the whole of the' b"occupied homeland is liberated...''" b'--- yasser arafat, ap, b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'"if we had a budget big enough for drugs and sexual favors, we sure' b'wouldn\'t waste them on members of congress..." -john perry barlow' 