b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'dear shai,' b'' b'your answers to my questions are unsatisfactory.' b'' b'in the answer to my first question, concerning the nonexistence of' b'israeli nationality, your answer conflicts with information i have' b'received from other quarters, according to which there are two' b'distinct categories of classifying israelis: citizenship' b"(ezrahut) and nationality (le'um). the former is used on passports" b'etc, and the later for daily identification in israeli society. i' b'am told that people in israel have to carry their id cards at all' b'times and present them at many public places, almost every day.' b'these id cards make clear who the holder is, a jew or an arab.' b'you maintain that this mainly because of religious services' b'provided. but do you really believe that this is the reason b'could you provide evidence that this is the case and that it' b'serves no other purpose b'' b'in the answer to my second questions, concerning the fact that' b"israel has no fixed borders, you state that israel's borders were" b"'shaped and reshaped by both war and peace'. according to what i" b'read, the first zionists in the beginning of the century, had' b'plans for the jewish state to extend into what is lebanon and into' b'transjordan (jordan). i also read that it was the express wish of' b"ben-gurion to not declare israel's borders, when israel was" b"established, as this might restrict israel's opportunities for" b'later expansion. israel often claims it right of existence on the' b'fact that jews lived there years ago or that god promised the' b'land to them. but according to biblical sources, the area god' b'promised would extend all the way to iraq. and what were the' b'borders in biblical times which israel considers proper to use' b"today finally, if israel wants peace, why can't it declare what" b'it considers its legitimate and secure borders, which might be a' b'base for negotiations? having all the above facts in mind, one' b'cannot blame arab countries to fear israeli expansionism, as a' b'number of wars have proved b'' b'your answer to my third question is typical of a stalinist public' b"official. i don't think your answer is honest. you refer me to" b"vanunu's revelations about israel's nuclear arsenal without" b'evaluating the truthfullness of his revelations. now if he said' b'the truth, then why should he been punished, and if he lied, why' b'should he be punished? i would appreciate more honesty.' b'' b'somebody provided an answer to the fourth question, concerning' b"'hidden prisoners' in israeli prisons. he posted an article from" b"ma'ariv documenting such cases. it seems that such prisoners do" b'exist in israel. what do you think about that b'' b'you imply that my questions show bias and are formulated in such a' b"way to 'cast aspersions upon israel'. such terms have often been" b'used by the soviet union against dissidents: they call the soviet' b'union into disrepute. if my questions are not disturbing, they' b'would not call forth such hysterical answers. my questions are' b'clearly provocative but they are meant to seek facts. i would be' b'very happy if you could convince me that what i am told about' b'israel were just fabrications, but alas you have failed to do so.' b'i suspect that you fear the truth and an open and honest' b'discussion. this is a sign of weakness, not of strength.' b'' b'i hope you will muster the courage to seek the full truth.' b'' 