b'' b'' b' b' first of all i never said the holocaust. i said before the' b" holocaust. i'm not ignorant of the holocaust and know more" b' about nazi germany than most people (maybe including you).' b' b" uh oh! the first sign of an argument without merit--the stating of one's" b' "qualifications" in an area. if you know something about nazi germany,' b" show it. if you don't, shut up. simple as that." b' b" \ti don't think the suffering of some jews during wwii" b' justifies the crimes commited by the israeli government. any' b' attempt to call civil liberterians like myself anti-semetic is' b' not appreciated.' b' b' all jews suffered during wwii, not just our beloved who perished or were' b' tortured. we all suffered. second, the name-calling was directed against' b' you, not civil-libertarians in general. your name-dropping of a fancy' b' sounding political term is yet another attempt to "cite qualifications"' b' in order to obfuscate your glaring unpreparedness for this argument. go' b' back to the minors, junior.' b' \tall humans suffered emotionally, some jews and many' b' others suffered physically. it is sad that people like you are' b" so blinded by emotions that they can't see the facts. thanks" b' for calling me names, it only assures me of what kind of' b' ignorant people i am dealing with. i included your letter since' b' i thought it demonstrated my point more than anything i could' b' write.' b'' b' b" when you're willing to actually support something you say with fact or" b' argument rather than covering up your own inadequacies with feigned' b' offense, let me know. otherwise, back to your own league, son.' b'i have never seen such immaturity among semitophiles. this' b'andi beyer character shows no signs of anti semitism, yet' b'because he deviates from the norm of accepted opinion, you' b"attack him. why did not anyone venture to answer andi's" b'question in an intelligent and unoffending manner? the only' b'ones guilty here of not backing up there viewpoints with fact' b'are the israelophiles. now will we please start having some' b'intelligent conversation? you all are an insult to you race!' b'{assuming you are also semitic}' b'now i have a comment concerning israeli terrorism' b"during the 1930's and 1940's. the hirgun, and other branch b'off militant groups, did fight the british do get them out of' b'palestine. yet i fail to see how this israeli form of' b'terrorism was better than the terrorism practiced now by the' b'arabs. these jewish terrorist groups killed innocent british' b'soldiers, but not only thta also killed many jews who were in' b'favor of a compromise with the palestinians. in addition, they' b'massacred an entire palestinian village in contributing' b'to the exodus of the frightened palestinians who feared their' b'very lives.' b"i mention this not because i'm anti semitic [i'm part" b'jewish] but because this self righteousness on the part of the' b"israelites pisses me off so. i'm not as critical of the" b'palestinians because they were indeed screwed over by the' b"jews. it 's a damn shame that the palestinians had to pay for" b'german and european anti semitism.' b'' b'pissed off at immature,' b'closeminded, self righteous' b'semites' 