b'' b'' b' are you trying to say that there were no massacres in deir yassin' b' or in sabra and shatila? if so then let me tell you some good jokes:' b'' b' there is not and was not any such thing like jewish killing in wwii' b'' b' palestinians just did what davidians did for fourty years and more.' b'' b' in fact no one was killed in any war at any time or any place.' b'' b' people die that is all. no one gets killed.' b'' b" maybe also vietamiese didn't die in vietnam war killed by american" b" napalm they were just pyromaniacs and that's all." b'' b' maybe jews just liked gas chambers and no one forced them to get in there.they' b' may be thought it was like snifing cocaine. no?' b'' b" what do you think of this isn't it stupid to say so?" b' well it is as stupid as what you said .next time you want to lie do it' b' intelligently.' b'' b' sincerely yours.' b'' b' hassan' b'' b' arab civilians did die at dir yassin. but there was no massacre. first' b' of all, the village housed many *armed* troops. secondly, the irgun' b' and stern fighters had absolutely no intentions of killing civilians.' b' the village was attacked only for its military significance. in fact,' b' a warning was given to the occupants of the village to leave before' b' the attack was to begin.' b'' b' by all rational standards, dir yassin was not a massacre. the killing' b' was unintentional. the village housed arab snipers and arab troops.' b' thus it was attacked for its military significance. it was not' b' attacked with intentions of killing any civilians.' b'' b' to even compare dir yassin, in which some or so arabs died, to the' b' holocaust is absurd. the irgun did not want to kill any civilians. the' b' village had almost inhabitants, most of whom survived.' b'' b' harry.' b'this is such bullshit. deir yassin was an unprovoked attack on' b'the part of the jews, and a massacre defines it best in my' b'opinion. the village of deir yassin had had a pact with the' b'jews, a peace pact, but the irgun purposely broke this' b'agreement in order to scare off the palestinians. i might' b'grant that this village housed armed arabs [i doubt it] but' b'nothing in the archives and available literature indicates that' b'this was a motivating force amongst the irgun. the deir yassin' b'massacre was part of an over all strategy to intimidate the' b'palestinians to flee the jewish homeland.,...and contrary to' b'your belief, many civilians were killed. deir yassin was later' b'advertized by the very jews who perpetrated it because it was' b'useful in getting many palestinians to leave. the palestinians' b'were rightfully scared off, because they did not want another' b'deir yassin.' b"i'm not necessarily condemning the israelites here;" b'atrocities were aslo committed on the part of the arabs.' b'israelophiles should just be careful in thinking that they are' b'and were the good guys in the middle east. both arab and jew' b'suck equally.' 