b'' b'' b'\tactually, jarmo is a permanent resident of my killfile' b'' b"anyone care to speculate on this? i'll let the rest of the net judge" b'this on its own merits. between and million turks perished' b'of butchery at the hands of armenians. the genocide involved not only' b'the killing of innocents but their forcible deportation from the russian' b'armenia. they were persecuted, banished, and slaughtered while much of' b'ottoman army was engaged in world war i. the genocide treaty defines' b'genocide as acting with a' b'' b"'specific intent to destroy, in whole or in substantial part, a" b"national, ethnic, racial or religious group.'" b'' b'history shows that the x-soviet armenian government intended to eradicate' b'the muslim population. million turks and kurds were exterminated by the' b'armenians. international diplomats in ottoman empire at the time including' b"u.s. ambassador bristol denounced the x-soviet armenian government's policy" b'as a massacre of the kurds, turks, and tartars. the blood-thirsty leaders of' b'the x-soviet armenian government at the time personally involved in the' b'extermination of the muslims. the turkish genocide museums in turkiye honor' b'those who died during the turkish massacres perpetrated by the armenians.' b'' b'the eyewitness accounts and the historical documents established,' b'beyond any doubt, that the massacres against the muslim people' b'during the war were planned and premeditated. the aim of the policy' b'was clearly the extermination of all turks in x-soviet armenian' b'territories.' b'' b'the muslims of van, bitlis, mus, erzurum and erzincan districts and' b'their wives and children have been taken to the mountains and killed.' b'the massacres in trabzon, tercan, yozgat and adana were organized and' b'perpetrated by the blood-thirsty leaders of the x-soviet armenian' b'government.' b'' b'the principal organizers of the slaughter of innocent muslims were' b'dro, antranik, armen garo, hamarosp, daro pastirmadjian, keri,' b'karakin, haig pajise-liantz and silikian.' b'' b'source: "bristol papers", general correspondence: container bristol' b'to bradley letter of september b'' b'"i have it from absolute first-hand information that the armenians in' b'the caucasus attacked tartar (turkish) villages that are utterly' b'defenseless and bombarded these villages with artillery and they murder' b'the inhabitants, pillage the village and often burn the village."' b'' b'' b'sources: (the ottoman state, the ministry of war), "islam ahalinin' b'ducar olduklari mezalim hakkinda vesaike mustenid malumat," (istanbul, b'the french version: "documents relatifs aux atrocites commises par les armeniens' b'sur la population musulmane," (istanbul, in the latin script: h. k.' b'turkozu, ed., "osmanli ve sovyet belgeleriyle ermeni mezalimi," (ankara,' b'1982). in addition: z. basar, ed., "ermenilerden gorduklerimiz," (ankara,' b'1974) and, edited by the same author, "ermeniler hakkinda makaleler b'derlemeler," (ankara, "askeri tarih belgeleri vol. b'(december document numbered b'"askeri tarih belgeleri vol. (december document' b'numbered b'' b'"those who were capable of fighting were taken away at the very beginning' b'with the excuse of forced labor in road construction, they were taken' b'in the direction of sarikamis and annihilated. when the russian army' b'withdrew, a part of the remaining people was destroyed in armenian' b'massacres and cruelties: they were thrown into wells, they were locked' b'in houses and burned down, they were killed with bayonets and swords, in places' b'selected as butchering spots, their bellies were torn open, their lungs' b'were pulled out, and girls and women were hanged by their hair after' b'being subjected to every conceivable abominable act. a very small part' b'of the people who were spared these abominations far worse than the' b'cruelty of the inquisition resembled living dead and were suffering' b'from temporary insanity because of the dire poverty they had lived' b'in and because of the frightful experiences they had been subjected to.' b'including women and children, such persons discovered so far do not' b'exceed one thousand five hundred in erzincan and thirty thousand in' b'erzurum. all the fields in erzincan and erzurum are untilled, everything' b'that the people had has been taken away from them, and we found them' b'in a destitute situation. at the present time, the people are subsisting' b'on some food they obtained, impelled by starvation, from russian storages' b'left behind after their occupation of this area."' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 