b'' b'' b' well, zumabot claims just the opposite: that greeks are not allowing' b'turks to exit the country. now, explain this: the number of turks in' b'thrace has steadily risen from in to while the greeks of' b'' b'dr. goebels thought that a lie repeated enough times could finally' b"be believed. i have been observing that 'poly' has been practicing" b"goebels' rule quite loyally. 'poly's audience is mostly made of greeks" b"who are not allowed to listen to turkish news. however, in today's" b'informed world greek propagandists can only fool themselves. for' b'instance, those who lived in will remember the tv news they' b'watched and the newspapers they read and the younger generation can' b'read the american newspapers of july and august to find out what' b'really happened.' b'' b"there are in turkiye the greek hospital, the greek girls' lycee" b'alumni association, the principo islands greek benevolent society,' b'the greek medical foundation, the principo greek orphanage foundation,' b"the yovakimion greek girls' lycee foundation, and the fener greek" b"men's lycee foundation." b'' b"as for greece, the longstanding use of the adjective 'turkish'" b'in titles and on signboards is prohibited. the greek courts' b"have ordered the closure of the turkish teachers' association," b'the komotini turkish youth association and the ksanti' b'turkish association on grounds that there are no turks' b'in western thrace. such community associations had been' b'active until but they were first told to remove' b"the word 'turkish' on their buildings and on their official" b'papers and then eventually close down. this is also the' b'final verdict (november of the greek high court.' b'' b'in the city of komotini, a former greek parliamentarian of turkish' b'parentage, was sentenced recently to months of imprisonment' b'with no right to appeal, just for saying outloud that he was' b'of turkish descent. this duly-elected ethnic turkish official' b'was also deprived of his political rights for a period of three' b'years. each one of these barbaric acts seems to be none other than' b'a vehicle, used by the greek governments, to cover-up their inferiority' b'complex they display, vis-a-vis, the people of turkiye.' b'' b"the agreement on the exchange of minorities uses the term 'turks,'" b'which demonstrates what is actually meant by the previous reference' b"to 'muslims.' the fact that the greek governments also mention the" b'existence of a few thousand non-turkish muslims does not change the' b'essential reality that there lives in western thrace a much bigger' b"turkish minority. the 'pomaks' are also a muslim people, whom all the" b'three nations (bulgarians, turks, and greeks) consider as part of' b'themselves. do you know how the muslim turkish minority was organized' b"according to the agreements? poor 'poly.'" b'' b'it also proves that the turkish people are trapped in greece' b'and the greek people are free to settle anywhere in the world.' b'the greek authorities deny even the existence of a turkish' b'minority. they pursue the same denial in connection with' b'the macedonians of greece. talk about oppression. in addition,' b"in the 'democratic' greek parliament passed law no. b'virtually taking over the administration of the vakiflar and' b'other charitable trusts. they have ceased to be self-supporting' b'religious and cultural entities. talk about fascism. the greek' b'governments are attempting to appoint the muftus, irrespective' b'of the will of the turkish minority, as state official. although' b'the orthodox church has full authority in similar matters in' b'greece, the muslim turkish minority will have no say in electing' b'its religious leaders. talk about democracy.' b'' b'the government of greece has recently destroyed an islamic' b'convention in komotini. such destruction, which reflects an' b'attitude against the muslim turkish cultural heritage, is a' b"violation of the lausanne convention as well as the 'so-called'" b'greek constitution, which is supposed to guarantee the protection' b'of historical monuments.' b'' b'the government of greece, on the other hand, is building new' b'churches in remote villages as a complementary step toward' b'hellenizing the region.' b'' b'and you pondered. sidiropoulos, the president of the macedonian human' b'rights committee, became the latest victim of a tactic long used by' b'the greeks to silence critics of policies of forced assimilation' b'of the macedonian minority. a forestry official by occupation,' b"sidiropoulos has been sent to 'internal exile' on the island of" b'kefalonia, hundreds of kilometers away from his native florina.' b'his employer, the florina city council, asked him to depart in' b'24 hours. the greek authorities are trying to punish him for his' b'involvement in copenhagen. he returned to florina by his own choice' b'and remains without a job.' b'' b'helsinki watch, a well-known human rights group, had been investigating' b'the plight of the turkish minority in greece. in august their' b'findings were published in a report titled' b'' b"'destroying ethnic identity: turks of greece.'" b'' b'the report confirmed gross violations of the human rights of the' b'turkish minority by the greek authorities. it says for instance,' b'the greek government recently destroyed an islamic convent in' b'komotini. such destruction, which reflects an attitude against' b'the muslim turkish cultural heritage, is a violation of the' b'lausanne convention.' b'' b'the turkish cemeteries in the village of vafeika and in pinarlik' b'were attacked, and tombstones were broken. the cemetery in' b'karotas was razed by bulldozers.' b'' b'shall i go on? why not? the people of turkiye are not going' b'to take human rights lessons from the greek government. the' b'discussion of human rights violations in greece does not' b'stop at the greek frontier. in several following articles' b'i shall dwell on and expose the greek treatment of turks' b'in western thrace and the aegean macedonians.' b'' b'it has been reported that the greek cypriot administration' b'has an intense desire for arms and that greece has made' b'plans to supply it with the tanks and armored vehicles it' b'has to destroy in accordance with the agreement reached on' b'conventional arms reductions in europe. meanwhile, greek' b'and greek cypriot officials are reported to have planned' b'to take ostentatious measures aimed at camouflaging the' b'transfer of these tanks and armored vehicles to southern' b'cyprus, a process that will conflict with the spirit of' b'the agreement on conventional arms reduction in europe.' b'' b'an acceptable method may certainly be found when there' b'is a will. but we know of various kinds of violent' b'behaviors ranging from physical attacks to the burning' b'of buildings. the rugs at the amfia village mosque were' b'dragged out to the front of the building and burnt there.' b'shots were fired on the mosque in the village of aryana.' b'' b'now wait, there is more.' b'' b"'greek atrocities in the vilayet of smyrna (may to july inedited" b"documents and evidence of english and french officers,' published by" b'the permanent bureau of the turkish congress at lausanne, lausanne,' b'imprimerie petter, giesser held, caroline, b'' b'pages b'' b'<< the train going from denizli to smyrna was stopped at ephesus' b'and the turkish travellers, men and women who were in it ordered' b'to descend. and there in the open street, under the eyes of their' b'husbands, fathers and brothers, the women without distinction of age' b'were violated, and then all the travellers were massacred. amongst' b'the latter the lieutenant salih effendi, a native of tripoli, and a' b'captain whose name is not known, and to whom the hellenic authorities' b'had given safe conduct, were killed with specially atrocious tortures.' b'' b'2. before the battle, the wife of the lawyer enver bey coming from' b'her garden was maltreated by greek soldiers, she was even stript' b'of her garments and her servant assie was violated.' b'' b'3. the two tax gatherers mustapha and ali effendi were killed in the' b'following manner: their arms were bound behind their backs with wire' b'and their heads were battered and burst open with blows from the butt' b'end of a gun.' b'' b'4. during the firing of the town, eleven children, six little girls' b'and five boys, fleeing from the flames, were stopped by greek soldiers' b'in the ramazan pacha quarter, and thrown into a burning jewish house' b'near bridge, where they were burnt alive. this fact is confirmed on oath' b'by the retired commandant hussein hussni effendi who saw it.' b'' b'5. the clock-maker ahmed effendi and his son sadi were arrested and' b'dragged out of their shop. the son had his eyes put out and was then' b'killed in the court of the greek church, but ahmed effendi has been' b'no more heard of.' b'' b'6. at the market, during the fire, two unknown people were wounded' b'by bayonets, then bound together, thrown into the fire and burnt alive.' b'' b'the greeks killed also many jews. these are the names of some:' b'' b'moussa malki, shoemaker killed' b'bohor levy, tailor killed' b'bohor israel, cobbler killed' b'isaac calvo, shoemaker killed' b'david aroguete killed' b'moussa lerosse killed' b'gioia katan killed' b'meryem malki killed' b'soultan gharib killed' b'isaac sabah wounded' b'moche fahmi wounded' b'david sabah wounded' b'moise bensignor killed' b'sarah bendi killed' b'jacob jaffe wounded' b'aslan halegna wounded....' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 