b'' b' reporting the events. i doubt the propaganda machine of goering' b' b'' b' and later, as somebody informed you about your gross mistake, you' b'' b'none of you guys noticed my "gross mistake" \'cause you' b"don't have a clue. i noticed the misspeaking myself and" b'corrected it. i doubt you would have ever noticed.' b'' b" i'm sure you learned the history of nazi germany and austria from" b' your family.' b"actually i've read books and taken courses on the" b'subject. ah yes and like you lived in the greater deutschland.' b'' b' trying to make comparisons between israels politics and nazi german-' b' austrian politics shows only your degree of ignorance (high), intellect' b' (low), humanity (none)' b'' b"you guys are funny. it's funny to see people lose control and" b'start the name calling when they realize they have no point.' b'' b' i respect anybody' b' who dissagrees with me as long as he respects me and discusses in a' b' civilized manner. i would never say that anybody that critizises israel' b' and/or its politics is an antisemite' b'' b'could have fooled me.' b'' b" i don't know what you" b' call a "civil libertarian" (never heard about them) but i know only' b' one thing: if all of them think like you do it, then "civil libertarians"' b' is a new denomination for antisemites. may other civil libertarians come' b' to word to this group so that we can learn if a.beyer and me are right' b' (that civil libertarians are antisemites)' b'i understand how individual liberties (freedom of' b'speach, religion etc.) could be a thing you "never heard' b'about". actually, civil libertarians believe in the fundamental' b'freedoms that belong to human beings. they would support the' b'jews against the nazis or anyone else who tries to oppress them' b'and they would support the arabs against the israelis and any' b'other such oppressive regimes (iraq etc.)' b'' b'' b" btw, i couldn't care less for what andi beyer appreciates." b'' b'well actually now that you mentioned here are a few things i' b'appreciate:' b'' b'1. politeness' b'2. stimulating conversation' b'3. a red rose' b'4. new york in june and a good gerschwinn tune' b'5. a chocalate sundae' b'6. really angry out of controll funny people' b'' b"if you need the complete list don't hesitate to ask." 