b'' b'' b"contrary to ben-gurion's assertion, it must be affirmed that" b'during the years of the british mandate over palestine and for' b'centuries previous, a productive human presence was to be found in' b'all parts of the negev desert in the very arid hills and valleys' b'of the southern negev as well as in the more fertile north. these' b'were the bedouin arabs.' b'' b'in fact, this "productive human presence" in the desert has, in the' b'centuries it has been there, produced one of the greatest' b'civilizations in human history. they not only created the wheel, but' b'the printing press, the light bulb, post-modern skyscraper' b'architecture, broadway theatre and nuclear power, as well.' b'' b'the real desertification of the negev, mainly in the southern' b"part, occurred after israel's dispossession of the bedouin's" b'cultivated lands and pastures.' b'' b'right, elias. the negev was a veritable garden of eden until the evil' b'jews turned off the rain and turned it into a horrible desert. part' b'of the international jewish conspiracy. say, who should i call to' b'turn off the rain here in ny, right now?' b'' b'nowadays, the majority of the' b'12,800 square-kilometer negev, which represents percent of the' b'state of israel (pre-1967 borders), has been desertified beyond' b'recognition.' b'' b'yeah, deserts rarely look like the garden of eden.' b'' b'the main new occupiers of the formerly bedouin negev' b'are the israeli army; the nature reserves authority, whose chief' b'role is to prevent bedouin from roaming their former pasture' b'lands;' b'' b'this is why nature reserves people are heavily armed with anti-tank' b'weaponry. just what we need in the nature reserves.' b'' b'and vast industrial zones, including nuclear reactors and' b'dumping grounds for chemical, nuclear and other wastes.' b'' b'nothing like "vast nuclear reactors" when it comes to hiding them from' b'air attack. at least saddam had the sense to hide his cbn plants in' b'"baby milk" factories.' b'' b'israeli' b'jews in the negev today cultivate less than half the surface area' b'cultivated by the bedouin before and there is no jewish' b'pastoral activity.' b'' b'indeed, many older people recall fondly those lovely tomatoes and' b'oranges that the bedouin exported form their garden of eden. in fact,' b'that region used to supply the entire world with bananas, until the' b'jews pushed that business onto the "banana republics".' b'' b'' b'' b'' b"elias, you're stupid postings are a source of considerable amusement" b"and hilarity. please don't stop. i might even have to go back to" b'watching tv.' b'' b'--' b'american-occupied new york have replaced jimmy carter as the' b'my opinions only employer has no opinions. standard of a failed president.' 