b'' b'' b'here you give positive, accurate "facts" about what happened to the beduins' b'and the land:' b'' b'after the creation of the state of israel, percent of the negev' b'bedouin were expelled to the sinai or to southern jordan. the' b'10,000 who were allowed to remain were confined to a territory of' b'40,000 hectares in a region were annual mean precipiation was b'mm a quantity low enough to ensure a crop failure two years out' b'of three. the rare water wells in the south and central negev,' b'spring of life in the desert, were cemented to prevent bedouin' b'shepherds from roaming.' b'' b'a few bedouin shepherds were allowed to stay in the central negev.' b'but after when the sinai was returned to egypt, these' b'bedouin were also eliminated. at the same time, strong pressure' b'was applied on the bedouin to abandon cultivation of their fields' b'in order that the land could be transferred to the army.' b'' b'and now you say noone knows anything about what happened there:' b'' b'no reliable statistics exist concerning the amount of land held' b'today by negev bedouin. it is a known fact that a large part of' b'the hectares they cultivated in the 1950s has been seized' b'by the israeli authorities. indeed, most of the bedouin are now' b'confined to seven "development towns", or *sowetos*, established' b'for them.' b'' b'(the rest of the article is available from elias davidsson, email:' b'' b'so what you basically say is that "we know for sure that nothing good happens' b'there now, we know for sure that the beduins prospered before the jews arrived' b'and that they were driven away by the jews, noone on earth knows about' b'what the jews did there."' b'' b'is that what you said? could you proove any of the nonsense you wrote?' b'' b'btw, try asking beduins in sinai how they mis the israelis. not to mention' b'that there are enough valotaring beduins in the idf to have at least one full' b'brigade of them.' b'' b'--' b'--amos shapira (jumper extraordinaire) "it is true that power corrupts,' b'c.s. system group, hebrew university, but absolute power is better!"' b'jerusalem israel 