b'' b'' b'the gaza strip, this tiny area of land with the highest population' b'density in the world, has been cut off from the world for weeks.' b'' b'another cpr non-fact.' b'' b'the israeli occupier has decided to punish the whole population of' b'gaza, some people, by denying them the right to leave the' b'strip and seek work in israel.' b'' b'actually, they are free to leave and seek work in egypt, except that' b"the egyptians don't want them, either. and who are you going to blame" b'if/when gazans establish their own state of gaza/palestine?' b'' b'while polish non-jews risked their lives to save jews from the' b'ghetto, no israeli jew is known to have risked his life to help' b'the gazan resistance. the only help given to gazans by israeli' b'jews, only dozens of people, is humanitarian assistance.' b'' b'actually, one such jew who did risk his life to help gazan arabs was' b'hacked to death by palestinean murderers just last week. it seems' b'that the risk has been primarily from the arabs "in need of help".' b'' b'this is also true for telephone repairmen, traders who seek to buy' b'agricultural products from gazans, israeli soldiers who get involved' b'in fighting between feuding palestinean groups that are as determined' b'to destroy each other as they are to destroy outsiders...' b'' b'the right of the gazan population to resist occupation is' b'recognized in international law and by any person with a sense of' b'justice. a population denied basic human rights is entitled to' b'rise up against its tormentors.' b'' b"i just wanna see you try this here in the usa. you know what's going" b'to happen.' b'' b'as is known, the israeli regime is considering gazans unworthy of' b'israeli citizenship and equal rights in israel, although they are' b'considered worthy to do the dirty work in israeli hotels, shops' b'and fields. many gazans are born in towns and villages located in' b'israel. they may not live there, for these areas are reserved for' b'the master race.' b'' b"okay. that's enough. i'm not going to read this posting of yours any" b'further.' b'' b'' b'elias davidsson iceland' b'' b'--' b'american-occupied new york have replaced jimmy carter as the' b'my opinions only employer has no opinions. standard of a failed president.' 