b'' b'' b' i have never seen such immaturity among semitophiles. this' b'andi beyer character shows no signs of anti semitism,' b'' b"you obviously haven't read his postings clearly." b'' b'the only' b'ones guilty here of not backing up there viewpoints with fact' b'are the israelophiles.' b'' b"israelophiles? is this anything like israelists? you're treading on" b'thin ice here.' b'' b'you all are an insult to you race!' b'' b"now, you're falling through the ice. barfie! we have a playmate for" b'you!' b'' b'\tnow i have a comment concerning israeli terrorism' b"during the 1930's and 1940's. the hirgun, and other branch b'off militant groups, did fight the british do get them out of' b'palestine. yet i fail to see how this israeli form of' b'terrorism was better than the terrorism practiced now by the' b'arabs.' b'' b'there is a difference between guerrilla warfare and terrorism.' b'the former primarily targets enemy soldiers. the latter primarily' b'targets civilians, and not necessarily enemy civilans, at that.' b'' b'these jewish terrorist groups killed innocent british' b'soldiers,' b'' b'innocent british soldiers? like innocent iraqi soldiers?' b'the british were executing jewish fighters in what was soon to become' b'the recognized jewish homeland. the british to their eternal shame' b'and damnation were sending shiploads of jewish refugees, civilians,' b'back to europe to be taken care of by hitler.' b'' b'by comparison, palestinean "fighters" primarily target tourists,' b'schoolchildren, babies, worshippers, shoppers, movie-goers and other' b'such threatening people. early zionist fighters did no such things.' b'' b'your comparison is ignorant and odious.' b'' b"\ti mention this not because i'm anti semitic [i'm part" b'jewish] but because this self righteousness on the part of the' b'israelites pisses me off so.' b'' b'does it bug you that the "israelites" (they used to be' b'israelophiles...) happen to be right?' b'' b"i'm not as critical of the" b'palestinians because they were indeed screwed over by the' b'jews.' b'' b'are you kidding? palestinean arabs who comprise a tiny proportion' b"of the world's refugee population, who have almost no justifiable" b'claim to the territory that they desire, who have acted as criminals' b'in the international community for decades are being treated like' b'the most aggrieved and deserving minority in existence, even after' b'their ignominious support for saddam in desert storm. how many other' b'world "leaders" have addressed the un with a machine-gun in hand,' b'receiving a standing ovation?' b'' b"it 's a damn shame that the palestinians had to pay for" b'german and european anti semitism.' b'' b'you are now parrotting some of the weakest arguments of the' b"terrorists' apologists. congratulations." b'' b'\t\t\t\tpissed off at immature,' b' closeminded, self righteous' b'\t\t\t\tsemites' b'' b"gee, that's a nice name. can i call you pissed?" b'' b'--' b'american-occupied new york have replaced jimmy carter as the' b'my opinions only employer has no opinions. standard of a failed president.' 