b'' b'' b' all jews suffered during wwii, not just our beloved who perished or were' b' tortured. we all suffered.' b'' b' \tall humans suffered emotionally, some jews and many' b' others suffered physically.' b'' b" i'm just waiting for andi to tell us that african americans should" b' start paying compensation to white americans who "suffered" from being' b' slave owners.' b'' b'\tdo you have a problem with the language? i said' b'everyone suffered emotionally because they sympathyzed with the' b'victims of holocaust.' b'' b'there were a great many germans, poles and others who did not' b'sympathize with the victims of the holocaust but instead participated' b'with enthusiasm in the killing.' b'' b"the holocaust wasn't a massacre, it wasn't even killing for sport; it" b'was an entire industry of death. german engineers, architects' b'technicians and bureaucrats proudly put their best efforts into as' b'efficient and methodical a killing machine as they could devise and' b'operate. and it certainly was something extraordinary.' b'' b"please don't bleat to us about how the nazis suffered from the" b'holocaust.' b'' b"i wasn't implying that anyone suffered" b'more than the actual victims.' b'' b'but what you did do, when waldo wrote:' b'all jews suffered during wwii b'was "correct" him with:' b'all humans suffered b'' b'so what were you implying?' b'' b'neither was i implying any' b'wrongdoing on the part of the jews as the cause for the' b'holocaust.' b'' b'are we supposed to thank you for your generosity?' b'or should we be pleased with your minimal common sense?' b'' b'what is wrong with you guys? regardless of what one' b'says you keep hearing what you want to hear.' b'' b'why is it that when someone writes something simple like "all jews' b'sufffered during wwii" that you feel the burning need to add' b'commentary? regardless of what people write, you keep trying to twist' b'things into what you want to hear. people with similar tendencies in' b'more extreme form are sometimes called historical revisionists. is' b'this something that you aspire to?' b'' b'--' b'american-occupied new york have replaced jimmy carter as the' b'my opinions only employer has no opinions. standard of a failed president.' 