b'' b'' b'you make it sound as if the turks are as inocent as a teenaged virgin about' b'to get married. go and read about the atrocities commited by the turks' b'against the greeks during the period of time greece was occupied by the' b'turks. now you expect that turks living in greece should be treated like' b'' b'so, the greek educational system is also in a shambles. history shows' b'that within the last years, greeks played that game twice: they' b'used istanbul patriarch grigorios in to instigate the morea' b'rebellion that resulted in the massacres of the muslim people. again,' b'the orthodox patriarch constantine v invited the russian czar nicholas' b"ii to invade the ottoman empire 'in the name of jesus,' and save his" b'flock from ottoman rule.' b'' b'source: "the \'past\' in medieval and modern greek culture," in speros' b"vryonis, ed., 'byzantina kai metabyzantina,' vol i (malibu," b'calif., b'' b'p. b'' b'in the words of professor skiotis, "with savage jubilance, [the greeks]' b"sang the words 'let no turk remain in the morea, nor in the whole world.'" b"the greeks were determined to achieve to 'romaiko' in the only way they" b'knew how: through a war of religious extermination."' b'' b'let me further improve this one for you. after the ottoman empire lost' b'world war i, the british landed in a greek army in izmir' b'to exterminate the people of turkiye. are you suffering from a severe' b'case of amnesia? the tired and defeated turks rose up, formed a national' b'force under the leadership of mustafa kemal, and on august they' b'annihilated the bulk of the greek army.' b'' b'now wait, there is more.' b'' b'<<the greek war of independence brought disaster to the jewish communities' b'in the peloponnesos, where the revolution erupted in the jews,' b'because of their close association with the ottoman administration,' b'were massacred along with the turks. the jewish communities of mistras,' b'tripolis, and kalamata were decimated; the few survivors moved north to' b'settle in chalkis and volos, still under ottoman rule. patras lost its' b'ancient jewish community, which was refounded only in b'' b'' b'nikos stavroulakis' b"'athens-auschwitz', page ix." b'' b"source: professor stanford j. shaw, 'the jews of the ottoman empire and" b"the turkish republic,' new york university press, new york b'' b'page b'' b'<<...the disintegration of the ottoman empire which had been going on' b'for a century was disastrous for ottoman jewry. this was the age of' b'nationalism among the christian subjects of the sultan, starting with' b'the greek revolution early in the nineteenth century, which, based on' b'the megali idea, or great idea, sought to add to greek kingdom istanbul' b'and large portions of anatolia, union of which with greece was felt to be' b"the 'dream and hope of all'. the success of the greek national movement," b'provided more in fact by the intervention of the great powers than by the' b'efforts of the greeks themselves, stimulated similar uprisings among the' b'other subjects in southeastern europe who had long been oppressed, not so' b'much by the ottomans but, rather, by the greek religious hierarchy which' b'dominated the orthodox millet, leading first to pressure for religious' b'independence, granted to the bulgarian orthodox exarchate in to the' b'serbian church in and to the rumanian church in with subsequent' b'aspirations for, and achievement of, political independence following...' b'' b'page b'' b'<<...they [new nationalist leaders] were greatly assisted in their' b'campaigns against the ottomans both by the diplomatic and consular' b'representatives of the major powers of europe and also by christian' b'missionaries, who emphasized feelings of christian superiority and' b'hatred for muslims and jews which fortified the religious as well as' b'ethnic bases of their pursuit of independence.' b'' b'christian nationalism, based as much on religious as on ethnic identity,' b'soon resurrected the medieval bigotries which had devastated both jews' b'and muslims and consequently had driven them together in the past.' b'vicious anti-muslim and anti-semitic movements developed, involving' b'large-scale persecutions and massacres carried out by invading armies,' b'by the independent states that resulted, also by christian subjects' b'who remained within the empire, particularly because of jewish and muslim' b'support for ottoman integrity in fear of their fate in the emergent' b'nationalist states of southeastern europe. the results were explosive' b'and damaging.' b'' b'the invading armies of russia and austria as well as the revolting' b'nationalists and, later, successfully established independent christian' b'states, committed systematic genocide against jews and muslims throughout' b'the nineteenth century, despite great power admonitions to the contrary' b'in the treaties of paris and berlin b'' b'page b'' b'<<...as the peoples of southeastern europe achieved their independence,' b'their muslim and jewish minorities were systematically persecuted and' b'massacred, and those who survived were driven beyond the ever-shrinking' b'boundaries of the retreating ottoman empire in a kind of slaughter which' b'had not been seen since the dispersal of the jews from palestine centuries' b'earlier.' b'' b'this sort of genocide had begun as long before as the late sixteenth' b'century, with the rumanian principalities taking the lead, as united' b'rumania did subsequently during the later years of the nineteenth' b'century. in the ruler of moldavia, peter the lame, banished its' b'jews because of their competition with its christian merchants. when' b'prince micheal the brave revolted against the ottomans in the rumanian' b'principalities of wallachia and moldavia in he ordered the massacre' b'of all the jews as well as turks in bucharest.' b'' b'page b'' b'<<the slaughter continued well into the nineteenth century. when the' b'greeks revolted against ottoman rule many greek volunteers coming from' b'russia and the principalities to join in the effort slaughtered and' b'plundered the jewish communities along their paths as they went through' b'moldavia and wallachia toward greece.' b'' b'page (second paragraph):' b'' b'<<when venice occupied the island of chios in its jewish population' b'was either massacred or deported and all jewish communal and personal' b'property was stolen by the native greek population, leaving those jews' b'who returned in utter poverty and reduced to begging, no longer able to' b'compete with the greeks in trade or commerce.' b'' b'page (third paragraph):' b'' b'<<jews living in greece and the rumanian principalities suffered terribly' b'because of their support for ottoman rule. when the greek nationalist' b'movement philike etairia started its uprising in wallachia and moldavia' b'during the spring of hundreds of jews and muslims were killed by' b'the greeks who lived there as well as by native wallachs during' b'the height of the greek revolution, five thousand jews were massacred' b'in morea along with most of the muslim population, numbering about' b'twenty thousand in all in tripolizza alone jews were' b'massacred along with uncounted turks reverend john hartley,' b"after describing the carnage, concluded 'thus did jewish blood, mingled" b'with turkish, flow down the streets of captured city. the sons of isaac' b'and the sons of ishmael, on this as well as on every occasion during the' b'greek revolution, met with common fate. their corpses were cast out of the' b'city, and, like the ancient sovereign of judah, they received no burial' b"superior to that of an ass.' jewish communities on the islands of" b'sparta, patras, corinthos, mistra, and argos were wiped out by bands of' b'greek rebels along with those of thebes, vrachori, attica and epirus b'the surviving jews fled to the island of corfu, where jews who had fled' b'from italy, and the iberian peninsula had lived in peace and prosperity' b'under the venetian rule since the twelfth century, though divided into' b'rival greek and italian communities. it was not long, however, before' b'it too fell victim to the greek revolution, leading to savage repression' b'and massacres of jews, forcing the surviving members of the two communities' b'to come together for self-defense for the first time. throughout the years' b'of greek revolution, greek nationalists went from town to town on the' b'mainland and from island to island in the agean, exterminating all the' b'jews and muslims they could find, many along the roads as they desperately' b'fled to safety in what was left of the ottoman empire. contemporary' b'accounts relate that the greeks left the murdered jews and muslims lying' b'exposed so their bodies could be torn apart by the buzzards most of' b'the jews who survived these massacres fled across the agean in small boats' b'to izmir, thus starting its rise as one of the leading centers of ottoman' b'jewish life during the nineteenth century. only in northern greece,' b'particularly in the areas of janina and salonica, were the jews and the' b'turks able to successfully resist the greek assaults, thus saving their' b'populations from massacre as well during the remainder of the 19th' b'century, particularly during the greek-turkish war in those jews' b'who remained in greece in the areas of athens, chalkis, larissa, corfu' b'and crete suffered severe persecution and massacre, forcing thousands' b'more to emigrate into ottoman territory, particularly to salonica and' b'izmir b'' b'page (last paragraph):' b'' b'<<the inclusion in the treaty of berlin of stipulations providing' b'protection for the jewish and muslim minorities in southeastern europe' b'stimulated more popular anti-semitic and anti-muslim hysteria in all' b'the countries involved, with blood-libel accusations once again being' b'used as pretexts for attacking and ravaging jewish quarters as well as' b'for new tactics for boycotting jewish shopkeepers, merchants and' b'professionals, a movement which was quickly adapted by the christian' b'millets in the major cities of the ottoman empire. because the bulgarians,' b'rumanians and greeks correctly regarded the jews as supporters of the' b'turks, both jews and turks were expelled from these countries in equally' b'atrocious and brutal manners. their property was plundered and their' b'homes and shops taken over without compensation, while the survivors' b'fled in desperation to edirne and istanbul. while official statements' b'subsequently were issued granting equal rights to jews, little was done' b'in fact and they continued to be persecuted regularly well into the' b'twentieth century.' b'' b'page (last paragraph):' b'' b'<<things were not much better elsewhere in southeastern europe or the' b'greek islands of the agean and the eastern mediterranean. in the' b'jews on corfu were subjected to severe persecution by local greeks due' b'to the revival of the old ritual murder accusations many of' b'those who survived found refuge in ottoman territory with the help of a' b'popular subscription drive carried out in istanbul under leadership of' b'the banque camondo. in and and again in and b'thousands of jews came to ottoman territory as a result of pogroms' b'in russia which went on between and with only slight periods' b'of respite. in jewish families arrived in istanbul in flight from' b'persecution in vidin, in independent bulgaria.' b'' b'the conquest of ottoman thrace and macedonia by greek and bulgarian' b'forces during the balkan wars including salonica, corlu,' b'and edirne, was followed by general attacks on jews, their synagogues,' b'homes and shops, in both countries resulting in a renewed exodus' b'toward istanbul and beyond. two reports from salonica graphically' b'described the situation caused by the invading armies:' b'' b"'all the self-interested justifications of the newspapers of europe," b'all the lies which they have used to cover up the truth, can never' b'destroy the impression of the terrible anguish which has marked the' b'entry of the greeks in salonica. a week of terror and horror one can' b'never easily forget. the hellenes now cruelly feel today all the' b'damage that the explosion of hatred by the (greek) population has done' b'to their cause. the mob has shown itself odious and the government' b'weak...the incompetence of the greek administration and the horrors' b'inflicted by the soldiers has put them in a terrible situation. the' b'consuls guaranteed the absolute safety of the muslims, but sixty of' b"them were massacred in a single night....'[28]" b'' b"'it wasn't only irregulars (comitacis) who massacred, pillaged and" b'burned. the soldiers of the army, the chief of police, and the high' b'civil officials took an active part in the events at serres. out of' b'6,000 houses, were burned. almost shops were consumed by' b'flames and destructive bombs. the (jewish) population lost all, and' b'without even anything to wear is in despair. everyone wants to' b"emigrate...'[29]" b'' b'' b'page b'' b'<<as a result of these assaults, massacres, and forced deportations from' b'the independent countries of southeastern europe, the ottoman empire' b'received literally thousands of jewish refugees who joined the muslims' b'who survived the persecution, flooding into the empire...' b'' b'[14] shlomo rozanes, korot hayehudim beturkiyah vebeartzot hakedem:' b'hadorot haachronim (jerusalem, pp.42-44, cited yitzchak kerem,' b"'the influence of anti-semitism on jewish immigration patterns from" b"greece to the ottoman empire in the 19th century', pp.2, b'' b"[15] maxime raybaud, memoires sur la grece, pour servir a l'histoire de la" b"guerre de l'independence vols, paris, pp.5-19; galante," b'turcs et juifs (istanbul, b'' b'[16] rev. t.s. hughes, travels in greece and albania (2nd edn, vols,' b'london, ii, b'' b'[17] rev. john hartley, researches in greece and the levant (london, b"207, quoted in yitzchak kerem, 'jewish immigration patterns from greece" b"to the ottoman empire in the nineteenth century', published paper" b"delivered at the comite international d'etudes pre-ottomanes et ottomanes," b"viii symposium, 'decision-making and the transmission of authority" b"in the turkic system', university of minnesota, minneapolis," b'minnesota, august p.4.' b'' b'[18] hartley, ibid., pp.206-7, william martin leake, travels in northern' b'greece vols, london, ii, errikos sevillas,' b'athens-auschwitz (athens, p.ix, quoted in kerem, ibid., p.14.' b'' b'[19] documented in kerem, ibid., pp.14-19. pearl l. preschel, the jews' b'of corfu (greece), unpublished ph.d. dissertation, new york university,' b'1984. goerge finlay, history of the greek revolution (london, b"172, see also 'greece', ej vii, b'' b'[20] yoannina vasdraveli, ee thessaloniki: kata ton agona tis aneksantizias' b'(salonica, pp.19-35; yitzchak kerem, an outline of the history' b'of jews of selonica (in hebrew) (museum of kibbutz lahoma, getaot, b'p.21, quoted in kerem, ibid., p.15.' b'' b"[21] kerem, ibid., pp.8-12, 'the persecution of the jews', times (london)," b'16 may a. ablagon to aiu, october aiu, grece viii.b.34,' b'schaki (larissa) to aiu, august/4 september baiu, grece,' b'deuxieme serie, no.18, 1er et 2e semestre, elia fraggi (larissa)' b'to aiu, june aiu grece, i.c.22; larissa aiu represantatives' b'to aiu, june/5 july aiu, grece ii.b.16; jewish community of' b'canea leaders in samos to aiu, march, aiu, grece viii.b.35.' b'' b'[26] pearl l. preschel, the jews of corfu (greece), unpublished ph.d.' b'dissertation, new york university, b'' b'[27] leon sciaky, farewell to salonica: portrait of an era (new york, b'edgar morin, vidal et les siens (paris, seuil, paul dumont,' b"'the social structure of the jewish community of salonica at the end of" b"the nineteenth century', southeastern europe v galante," b'turcs viii, rodrigue, pp.178-80.' b'' b'[28] a. cohen, ecole secondaire moise allatini, salonica, to aiu, paris,' b'no.7745/7, december in aiu archives i c b'' b'[29] mizrahi, president of aiu at salonica, to aiu (paris), no.2704/3,' b'25 july in aiu archives (paris) i c b'' b'( aiu alliance israelite universelle, paris. b'' b'need i go on?' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 