b'' b'' b'found this in soc.culture.pakistan' b'might be of interest..... am posting it without the permission of the original poster.' b'hope he/she doesnt mind.' b'' b'' b'by lance gay, scripps-howard news service' b'' b'sarajevo, bosnia-herzegovina in this land of historic hatreds, a tiny' b'jewish community is braving serbian shells to repay a 50-year-old debt to' b'muslims who saved jews from the holocaust.' b'' b'ivica ceresnjes, president of the jewish community of sarajevo, says he' b'and about other jews chose to remain in sarajevo, rather than leave' b'for israel, to keep a feeding center in the medieval old town district' b'running.' b'' b'ceresnjes said that was partly in gratitude to the muslims who hid jews during' b'the nazi occupation and partly to keep intact the centuries-old presence of' b'jews living in sarajevo.' b'' b'``some with guns are defending bosnia, but i fight in bosnia by keeping' b"people alive,'' ceresnjes said." b'' b'as a student of balkan history, ceresnjes said he saw this war coming and' b'had ready plans to evacuate children and the elderly. a year before the war' b'erupted here last april, ceresnjes said the jewish center began' b'stockpiling supplies, ensuring everyone had passports and arranging for' b'places in israel and europe for the evacuees.' b'' b'they were so well prepared, he said, that only five days after the' b'shooting began the first plane left. of about jews in bosnia-' b'herzegovina, he estimates half have left. many of those who stayed behind' b"work in sarajevo's downtown synagogue, which has been turned into a" b'wartime feeding center that has so far given away meals.' b'' b'the center, which has been shelled several times along with most of' b'sarajevo, also runs a radio station, mail center and distributes food' b'packages sent by jewish organizations around the world.' b'' b'while muslims and jews are fighting each other in the mideast, jews here' b"say there's a long tradition of cooperation, inter-marriage and" b'tolerance between the two communities in sarajevo that goes back to' b'centuries of turkish occupation.' b'' b"sarajevo's jews trace their ancestry back to their expulsion from roman" b'catholic spain in the community numbered more than before' b'world war ii. but only survived the holocaust which was carried out' b'by the pro-nazi croatian ustache in yugoslavia. many of the survivors were' b'hidden by muslim families in mostar.' b'' b'' b'--' b'sharon machlis gartenberg' b'framingham, ma usa' b'' b'' b'----------------------------------------' b'zafar.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'tippu hassan' b'' 