b'' b'' b'hamaza, you racist, arun cited evidence to show that your so-called' b'racist prophecy was a forgery. that means that the "prophecy"' b'does not exist. address the sources, if you actually care about' b'truth, rather than spreading lies, bigotry, and hatred.' b'' b'ofranko. coming from a self-exposed historical revisionist, a' b'self-admitted anti-muslim and a genocide apologist, hamaza should' b'take your drivel as a compliment. furthermore, you even deny the' b'obvious. there was a genocide of the muslims carried out by order of' b'the fascist x-soviet armenian government. massacres of muslims must be' b'studied in detail, because they are the first modern example of the' b'horrible crime of genocide. blame must be apportioned to the armenians' b'and their supporters for the murder of muslims. the turkish historic' b'homeland, emptied of its native population until today, remains occupied' b'by the x-soviet armenian government. today, x-soviet armenia covers up' b'the genocide perpetrated by its predecessors and is therefore an accessory' b'to this crime against humanity. x-soviet armenia must pay for its crime' b'of genocide against the muslims by admitting to the crime and making' b'reparations to the turks and kurds.' b'' b'the following are the jewish and armenian sources on the cold-blooded' b'genocide perpetrated by the x-soviet armenian government against b'million muslim people between and still denying the obvious?' b'' b'' b'source: stanford j. shaw, on armenian collaboration with invading russian' b'armies in "history of the ottoman empire and modern turkey (volume' b'ii: reform, revolution republic: the rise of modern turkey, b'(london, cambridge university press pp. b'' b'"in april dashnaks from russian armenia organized a revolt in the city' b'of van, whose armenians comprised percent of the population,' b'closest to an armenian majority of any city in the empire...leaving erivan' b'on april armenian volunteers reached van on may and organized' b'and carried out a general slaughter of the local muslim population during' b'the next two days."' b'' b'"knowing their numbers would never justify their territorial ambitions,' b'armenians looked to russia and europe for the fulfillment of their aims.' b'armenian treachery in this regard culminated at the beginning of the first' b'world war with the decision of the revolutionary organizations to refuse' b'to serve their state, the ottoman empire, and to assist instead other' b'invading russian armies. their hope was their participation in the russian' b'success would be rewarded with an independent armenian state carved out of' b'ottoman territories. armenian political leaders, army officers, and common' b'soldiers began deserting in droves."' b'' b'"with the russian invasion of eastern anatolia in at the beginning of' b"world war i, the degree of armenian collaboration with the ottoman's enemy" b'increased drastically. ottoman supply lines were cut by guerilla attacks,' b'armenian revolutionaries armed armenian civil populations, who in turn' b'massacred the muslim population of the province of van in anticipation of' b'expected arrival of the invading russian armies."' b'' b'' b'source: stanford j. shaw, "history of the ottoman empire and modern turkey,"' b'vol ii. cambridge university press, london, pp. b'' b'"...meanwhile, czar nicholas ii himself came to the caucasus to make final' b'plans for cooperation with the armenians against the ottomans, with the' b'president of the armenian national bureau in tiflis declaring in response:' b'' b"'from all countries armenians are hurrying to enter the ranks of the" b'glorious russian army, with their blood to serve the victory of russian' b'arms...let the russian flag wave freely over the dardanelles and the' b'bosporus. let, with your will, great majesty, the peoples remaining' b'under the turkish yoke receive freedom. let the armenian people of turkey' b'who have suffered for the faith of christ receive resurrection for a new' b"free life under the protection of russia.'[155]" b'' b'armenians again flooded into the czarist armies. preparations were made' b'to strike the ottomans from the rear, and the czar returned to st. petersburg' b'confident that the day finally had come for him to reach istanbul."' b'' b'[155] horizon, tiflis, november quoted by hovannisian, "road to' b'independence," p. fo b'' b'"ottoman morale and military position in the east were seriously hurt, and' b'the way was prepared for a new russian push into eastern anatolia, to be' b'accompanied by an open armenian revolt against the sultan.[156]"' b'' b'[156] hovannisian, "road to independence," pp. bayur, iii/1,' b'pp. w.e.d. allen and p. muratoff, "caucasian battlefields,"' b'cambridge, pp. ali ihsan sabis, "harb hahralaram," vols.,' b'ankara, ii, fo no. fo fo nos.' b'46942 and b'' b'"an armenian state was organized at van under russian protection, and it' b'appeared that with the muslim natives dead or driven away, it might be' b'able to maintain itself at one of the oldest centers of ancient armenian' b"civilization. an armenian legion was organized 'to expel the turks from" b'the entire southern shore of the lake in preparation for a concerted' b"russian drive into the bitlis vilayet.'[162] thousands of armenians from" b'mus and other major centers in the east began to flood into the new' b'armenian state...by mid-july there were as many as armenians' b'crowded into the van area, which before the crisis had housed and fed' b'no more than people, muslim and non-muslim alike.[163]"' b'' b'[162] hovannisian, "road to independence," p. fop nos. and' b'58350.' b'' b'[163] bva, meclis-i vukela mazbatalari, debates of august b'babi-i ali evrak odasi, no. "van ihtilali ve katl-i ami,"' b'zilkade september b'' b'' b'source: hovannisian, richard g.: armenia on the road to independence, b'university of california press (berkeley and los angeles), p. b'' b'"the addition of the kars and batum oblasts to the empire increased the' b'area of transcaucasia to over square miles. the estimated population' b'of the entire region in was of whom percent) were' b'armenian, percent) georgian, and percent) moslem.' b'of the latter group, were tatars. paradoxically, barely one-third' b"of transcaucasia's armenians lived in the erevan guberniia, where the" b'christians constituted a majority in only three of the seven uezds. erevan' b'uezd, the administrative center of the province, had only armenians' b'as compared to moslems. by the time of the russian census of b'however, the armenians had established a scant majority, percent, in the' b'guberniia; it had risen by to percent, or of the b"inhabitants. this impressive change in the province's ethnic character" b'notwithstanding, there was, on the eve of the creation of the armenian' b'republic, a solid block of tartars who continued to dominate the' b'southern districts, from the outskirts of ereven to the border of persia."' b'(see also map historic armenia and map administrative subdivisions of' b'transcaucasia).' b'' b"in percent turk." b'' b'"we closed the roads and mountain passes that might serve as' b'ways of escape for the tartars and then proceeded in the work' b'of extermination. our troops surrounded village after village.' b'little resistance was offered. our artillery knocked the huts' b'into heaps of stone and dust and when the villages became untenable' b'and inhabitants fled from them into fields, bullets and bayonets' b'completed the work. some of the tartars escaped of course. they' b'found refuge in the mountains or succeeded in crossing the border' b'into turkey. the rest were killed. and so it is that the whole' b'length of the borderland of russian armenia from nakhitchevan to' b'akhalkalaki from the hot plains of ararat to the cold mountain' b'plateau of the north were dotted with mute mournful ruins of' b'tartar villages. they are quiet now, those villages, except for' b'howling of wolves and jackals that visit them to paw over the' b'scattered bones of the dead."' b'' b'ohanus appressian' b'"men are like that"' b'p. b'' b'' b'"an appropriate analogy with the jewish holocaust might be the' b'systematic extermination of the entire muslim population of' b'the independent republic of armenia which consisted of at' b'least percent of the population of that republic. the' b'memoirs of an armenian army officer who participated in and' b'eye-witnessed these atrocities was published in the u.s. in' b'1926 with the title \'men are like that.\' other references abound."' b'(rachel a. bortnick the jewish times june b'' b'' b'1."men are like that" by leonard a. hartill, bobbs co., indianapolis,' b'1926' b'' b'memoirs of an armenian army officer translated to english and' b'published by a member of american "near east relief organization."' b'gives the whole account of the genocide of all turkish and moslem' b'people in armenia organized and executed by armenian government and' b'army. also gives account of countless other massacres and atrocities' b'against the turkish people in armenia.' b'' b'2."adventures in the near east, by a. rawlinson,' b'dodd, meade co., b'' b'eyewitness account of the same genocide by a british army officer.' b'' b'3."world alive, a personal story" by robert dunn,' b'crown publishers, inc., new york, b'' b'another eyewitness account of the same genocide by an american' b'officer.' b'' b'4."from sardarapat to serves and lousanne" by avetis aharonian,' b'the armenian review magazine, volume (fall through b'(spring b'' b'memoirs of the chief armenian delegate to the paris peace conference' b'were published in the armenian review magazine in articles from' b'volume (fall to volume (spring these memoirs' b'include an interview between aharonian and british foreign minister' b'lord curzon in which above-mentioned genocide was discussed. the' b'official report mentioned by lord curzon is the report of british' b'high commissioner to caucasia, sir oliver wardrop.' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 