b'' b'' b' how many of you readers know anything about jews living in the' b'arab countries? how many of you know if jews still live in these' b'countries? how many of you know what the circumstances of arabic' b'jews leaving their homelands were? just curious.' b'' b'the last arab country was syria. but not all of them' b'migrated due to the jewish state economical and' b'securital dilemma!' b'' b'i have no idea what this guy means but the syrian jews are not allowed' b'to leave syria because assad welshed on his promise and is not letting' b'them go. israel has nothing to do with it.' b'' b'as for the other arab countries there are still small communities left' b'in some arab countries. morocco has the largest group i think comprising' b'perhaps just over a thousand (but i have lost the exact figure. maybe' b'someone will be so kind as to post it). there are communities left in' b'yemen (which went to the polls yesterday in what might appear to be a' b'free-ish election), algeria (this is a tiny group, a couple of leftist' b'intellectuals i think), of course syria and lebannon.' b'' b'the circumstances of the departure of the jews from various arab countries' b'is controversial in some cases like iraq and i do not want to get into' b'a dispute about it. egypt expelled most of its community outright. most of' b'the french north african jews left rather than face independence. i think' b'that moroccans might have been encouraged by some antisemitic acts but i' b'am not sure. someone else around here will know for sure. there are claims' b'that israeli intellegence officers spread rumours around algeria that the' b'jews would not be welcome but this is probably just propaganda. it would' b'take a very stupid person not to realise the benefits of a move to france' b'(as most did) or to israel. yemeni jews were airlifted to israel. those' b'left were rumoured to have another airlift last year but i heard nothing' b'about it so i guess it was just a rumour. any i left out except iraq?' b'' b'joseph askew' b'' b'--' b'joseph askew, gauche and proud in the autumn stillness, see the pleiades,' b'disclaimer? sue, see if i care north of our tents, the sky must end somwhere,' b'actually, i rather like brenda beyond the pale, the river murmurs on.' 