b'' b' \tthe un has tried many times to condemn israel for its' b' gross violation of human rights.' b'' b' \tthe un has also failed to condemn gross violations of human' b' rights in many other places around the globe and in the middle east,' b' thus leading many people to conclude that the un is biased in whom in' b' chooses to condemn.' b'' b" \ta short, incomplete list of things the un didn't even consider" b' condemning:' b'' b'' b' incident security council response' b' b'' b' hindu-moslem clash in india, over killed, none' b' gassing to death of over kurds by none' b' iraqi air force, b' saudi security forces slaughter none' b' pilgrims in mecca, b' killing by algerian army of demonstrators, none' b' intrafada (arabs killing arabs) over killed none' b' civilians slaughtered by government none' b' troops in hama, syria, b' killing of palestinians by jordanian troops, none' b' thousands expelled, sept., b' moslems killed in egypt, none' b' killed in egyption bread riots, none' b' border and rocket attacks against israel by none' b' the plo in alone' b' munich, israeli athletes slaughtered none' b" ma'alot, children killed in plo attack none" b' israel coastal bus attack: dead, wounded none' b' syria kills palestinians, none' b' lebanon: over dead since none' b' yemen: killed in two weeks, none' b' sudan: tens of thousands of black slaves, none' b' civil war toll, million killed, million refugees' b' tienenman square massacre none' b' rumania, killed, none' b' pan am disaster carried out by the p.l.o none' b' northern ireland none' b' cambodia none' b' soviet occupation of afghanistan none' b' american riots at attica, watts, newark, kent state none' b' israel destroys iraqi reractor, israel condemned' b' israeli police protect israeli worshipers condemned' b' against arab mob, anti-jewish rioters killed' b' syrian soldiers slaughter christian soldiers none' b' after they surrender, b'' b'\twow, if you were the only source of news around the' b'world it would seem that israel is being treated unfairly.' b'' b"ok, you don't like what i have to say. would you care to" b'demonstrate how the above list, or any expanded version of it you' b'chose to post, demonstrates fairness in the actions of the un wrt' b'israel?' b'' b'luckily, that is not the case. i suggest reading european' b"papers rather than israeli propaganda (arab papers wouldn't" b'hurt either to see the propaganda of the other side).' b'' b'you make the odd assumption that i read israeli papers, not' b'european ones. my main source of news is the economist, a london' b'based magazine.' b'' b'also, i do on rare occaisons, read arab papers, but its hard' b'to find english language papers from arab countries here.' b'' b' anyway' b'you are an example of what happens when people chose what to' b"read. don't get me wrong, it is perfectly within your rights." b"just don't go off acting like you're objective." b'' b'have i ever claimed to be objective? i pointed out, with a b'item list, that israel is condemned for actions that other nations are' b'not condemned for. you go off and attack me for reading only israeli' b'newspapers.' b'' b"if you'd like to debate this, please do. if you'd like to" b'make ad hominum attacks, feel free to do that too. but try not to' b'mask one as another.' b'' b'adam' b'' b'' b'"if we had a budget big enough for drugs and sexual favors, we sure' b'wouldn\'t waste them on members of congress..." -john perry barlow' 