b'' b' b' \tthe un has tried many times to condemn israel for its' b' gross violation of human rights.' b' b' \tthe un has also failed to condemn gross violations of human' b' rights in many other places around the globe and in the middle east,' b' thus leading many people to conclude that the un is biased in whom in' b' chooses to condemn.' b' b" \ta short, incomplete list of things the un didn't even consider" b' condemning:' b' b' b' incident security council response' b' b' b' gassing to death of over kurds by none' b' iraqi air force, b' civilians slaughtered by government none' b' troops in hama, syria, b' killing of palestinians by jordanian troops, none' b' thousands expelled, sept., b' syria kills palestinians, none' b' yemen: killed in two weeks, none' b' sudan: tens of thousands of black slaves, none' b' civil war toll, million killed, million refugees' b' rumania, killed, none' b' northern ireland none' b' cambodia (the killing fields, million murdered) none' b' syrian soldiers slaughter christian soldiers none' b' after they surrender, b' b' b' \twow, if you were the only source of news around the' b' world it would seem that israel is being treated unfairly.' b' luckily, that is not the case. i suggest reading european' b" papers rather than israeli propaganda (arab papers wouldn't" b' hurt either to see the propaganda of the other side). anyway' b' you are an example of what happens when people chose what to' b" read. don't get me wrong, it is perfectly within your rights." b" just don't go off acting like you're objective." b'' b" i'm unclear here. are you saying that these events did not occurr?" b' as you know, the un neither condemned nor expressed outrage *at any*' b' of the events listed (i retained those that reflected "policies"' b' of murder and abuse). is that an irrelevent fact to you?' b'' b" while i *do* expect israel's abusive policies to be condemned" b' where appropriate, are you saying that you do not notice any' b' degree of "selective morality" on the un\'s part? do you also' b' find it convenient (and easy) to blithely ignor particular abhorrant' b" acts simply because the perpetrators don't happen to be on your" b' "bad guys" list?' b'' b'' b' b' tim clock ph.d./graduate student' b' uci tel#: department of politics and society' b' fax#: university of california irvine' b' home tel#: irvine, ca b'i have to say i think this is the first time there has' b'been something posted that opposed me without making personal' b'insults. congradulations tim. i think the other people answered' b'you on most of the factual parts(esp. about the internal' b'conflicts policy).' b'israel very often gets away with more' b'than most other nations (due to u.s. vetos). while i am not' b'familiar with every instance i know that the reason saudi' b'arabia was not condemned for killig the pilgrims was that the' b'pilgrims were iranian. yes, the un is biased but mostly in' b'favor of the us and its allies (including israel, saudi arabia' b'and pakistan) and against "outlaw" countries like iran and more' b'recently iraq. far be it from me to support the repressive' b'governments there but i think they get more slack than israel' b'for things they do "wrong". again the reason some condemnations' b"don't occur lies in the race or country of the victims. the" b'gassed iraqi kurds got associated with iran in the war and' b'since iran was perceived as worse than iraq no condemnation' b'resulted. the palestinians killed by arab countries involved' b'another case of who cares. it seems that until very recently no' b'one cared about how many palestinians died anywhere (including' b'in israel and the occupied territories).' b'again i appreciate the lack of personal insults.' 