b'' b'' b'news you may have missed, apr b'' b'not because you were too busy but because' b'israelists in the us media spiked it.' b'' b'................' b'' b'' b'those intrepid israeli soldiers' b'' b'' b'israeli soldiers have sexually taunted arab women in the occupied gaza strip' b'during the three-week-long closure that has sealed palestinians off from the' b'jewish state, palestinian sources said on sunday.' b'' b'the incidents occurred in the town of khan younis and involved soldiers of' b'the golani brigade who have been at the centre of house-to-house raids for' b'palestinian activists during the closure, which was imposed on the strip and' b'occupied west bank.' b'' b'five days ago girls at the al-khansaa secondary said a group of naked' b"soldiers taunted them, yelling: ``come and kiss me.'' when the girls fled," b'the soldiers threw empty bottles at them.' b'' b'on saturday, a group of soldiers opened their shirts and pulled down their' b'pants when they saw girls from al-khansaa walking home from school. parents' b'are considering keeping their daughters home from the all-girls school.' b'' b'the same day, soldiers harassed two passing schoolgirls after a youth' b"escaped from them at a boys' secondary school. deputy principal srur" b'abu-jamea said they shouted abusive language at the girls, backed them' b'against a wall, and put their arms around them.' b'' b'when teacher hamdan abu-hajras intervened the soldiers kicked him and beat' b'him with the butts of their rifles.' b'' b'on tuesday, troops stopped a car driven by abdel azzim qdieh, a practising' b'moslem, and demanded he kiss his female passenger. qdieh refused, the' b'soldiers hit him and the 18-year-old passenger kissed him to stop the' b'beating.' b'' b'on friday, soldiers entered the home of zamno abu-ealyan, blindfolded' b'him and his wife, put a music tape on a recorder and demanded they dance. as' b'the elderly couple danced, the soldiers slipped away. the coupled continued' b'dancing until their grandson came in and asked what was happening.' b'' b'the army said it was checking the reports.' b'' b'....................' b'' b'' b'israeli troops bar christians from jerusalem' b'' b'israeli troops prevented christian arabs from entering jerusalem on thursday' b'to celebrate the traditional mass of the last supper.' b'' b'two arab priests from the greek orthodox church led some worshippers in' b'prayer at a checkpoint separating the occupied west bank from jerusalem after' b'soldiers told them only people with army-issued permits could enter.' b'' b'``right now, our brothers are celebrating mass in the church of the holy' b"sepulchre and we were hoping to be able to join them in prayer,'' said father" b'george makhlouf of the ramallah parish.' b'' b'israel sealed off the occupied lands two weeks ago after a spate of' b'palestinian attacks against jews. the closure cut off arabs in the west bank' b'and gaza strip from jerusalem, their economic, spiritual and cultural centre.' b'' b'father nicola akel said christians did not want to suffer the humiliation' b'of requesting permits to reach holy sites.' b'' b'makhlouf said the closure was discriminatory, allowing jews free movement' b'to take part in recent passover celebrations while restricting christian' b'celebrations.' b'' b'``yesterday, we saw the jews celebrate passover without any interruption.' b"but we cannot reach our holiest sites,'' he said." b'' b"an israeli officer interrupted makhlouf's speech, demanding to see his" b'identity card before ordering the crowd to leave.' b'' b'...................' b'' b'' b'' b"if you are as revolted at this as i am, drop israel's best friend email and" b'let him know what you think.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b"tell 'em arf sent ya." b'' b'..................................' b'' b'if you are tired of "learning" about american foreign policy from what is' b'effectively, israeli controlled media, i highly recommend checking out the' b'washington report. a free sample copy is available by calling the american' b'education trust at:' b'(800) b'' b"tell 'em arf sent you." b'' b'js' b'' b'' b'' 