b'' b'' b'the readers of this forum seemed to be more interested in the contents' b'of those files.' b'so it will be nice if yigal will tell us:' b'1. why do american authorities consider yigal arens to be dangerous?' b'' b'adl authorities seem to view a lot of people as dangerous, including' b'the millions of americans of arab ancestry. perhaps you can answer' b'the question as to why the adl maintained files and spied on adc members' b'in california (and elsewhere??)? friendly rivalry perhaps?' b'' b'come on! most if not all arabs are sympathetic to the palestinian war' b'against israel. that is why the adl monitors arab organizations. that is' b'the same reason the us monitored communist organizations and soviet nationals' b'only a few years ago.' b'' b'' b'the adc is an organization of arab-*americans*.' b'' b'let me see...you\'re saying that "most if not all" arab-americans should be' b'spied on? you\'re also saying that "most if not all" arab-americans' b'should be views as a national security threat to israel (and the us,' b'as you gratuitously imply in your reference to the wtc bombing, in' b'which no arab-americans were involved)? by inference, can we assume' b'that you think that anyone of arab lineage anywhere in the world poses' b'a threat to israel and, therefore, should be spied on?' b'' b'perhaps, then, on the basis of pollard spy case (not to mention the' b'rosenbergs, etc.) you think that all jewish americans should be spied' b'on by the adc.' b'' b'oh, never mind; this whole spying case has obviously so' b'convoluted your sense of right or wrong in these matters that i have' b'no wish confuse you further.' b'' b'perhaps yigal is a greenpeace member? or the naacp? or a reporter?' b'or a member of any of the dozens of other political organizations/ethnic' b'minorities/occupations that the adl spied on.' b'' b'all of these groups have, in the past, associated with or been a part of anti-' b'israel activity or propoganda. the adl is simply monitoring them so that if' b"anything comes up, they won't be caught by surprise." b'' b'so the la times reporter who had information about him' b'sold to the south african government was involved in "anti-israel' b'activity or propaganda"? are we to infer that the simple act of' b'reporting an event in a newspaper constitutes "anti-israel' b'activity or propaganda"? or was it south africa? the la' b'times reporter was based in south africa, after all.' b'' b'' b'' b'gideon ehrlich' b'-anwar' b'ed.' b'' b'' b'' b'-anwar again' 