b'' b'' b'\ti think some of you guys think that the volume of your' b'responses and their harshness somehow increases their factual' b'accuracy. i especially deplore the attempts to call me a racist' b'(as many of you have done). you guys think just because' b'there are more unreasonable israelis on this pcnews channel' b'than all other denominations combined (including reasonable' b"israelis) that somehow makes you right. well you're wrong." b'\ti just started reading this stuff last sunday and' b'thought i might butt in since there were severe information' b'problem on the part of some people. i thought that through' b'somewhat intelligent conversation we might enlighten each' b'other.' b'' b'that would be nice, but considering professional diplomats between israel and' b"athe arabs have been unable to do so for years, i can't see us starting." b'but hey as soon as anyone wants to discuss things reasonably and in a' b'scholarly manner, count me in.' b'' b"anyway the responses were mostly negative and i've been" b'called a racist and an anti-semite so many times that it seems' b"assumed about me in people's postings. when i shared this with" b'some of my friends it appears that they have had similar' b'experiences. the overall harsh language coupled with the' b'occasional death threats and attempts to get them disconnected' b'have convinced many to look elsewhere for true discussions and' b'unsubscribe to the newsgroup.' b'' b'people have very strong opinions and you need to be careful regarding what' b'you say if you say, make it factual and be able to back it up.' b'' b"\ti don't know if you're paid israeli lobbyists or just" b'concerned, but it seems that toning down the harsh rhetoric' b'might be more helpful to your cause than name-calling b'attempting to disconnect and death threats. just a tip about' b'how things work in the civilized world.' b'' b'thanks for teaching us about the civilized world, andi. i guess we all just' b'came out either the desert or the ghetto, right? and no, we are not paid' b'israeli lobbyists nor are we conspirators of the zog we are just people who' b'believe in our cause and find offense when people imply some sort dirty dealing' b'or disloyalty due to our love of israel (disguised as "paid israeli lobbyists" b'what kind of image is that?)' b'' b'p.s. i understand that not all of you are involved in all this' b'but many of you are contributing to the atmosphere.' b"p.p.s. just to clear up something, i don't think than the jews" b'are necessarily any worse than other people as a whole if such a' b"distinction between cultures shall be made(i don't personally" b'believe in judging people by their religion, culture or race.)' b'' b'oh! thank you! i needed your approval of my heritage. i guess i can go home' b"and feel good now and sleep comfartably knowing that jews _really_ aren't" b'worse people than anyone else, contrary to what we all _know_ is true.' b'' b'ed.' b'' 