b'' b'' b'from _myths and facts_, by leonard j. davis, near east research inc.,' b'1989:' b'' b"great, someone will be posting from 'protocols of the elders of zion' next" b'' b' "unlike the plo\'s almost exclusive focus on civilian targets,' b'' b'at this time the plo did not exist and would not for the next years.' b"you knew that didn't you? perhaps you might want to add up all the jewish" b"civilians killed during the war. i'll opt for the massacre at deir yassin." b'which do you think is the greater?' b'' b'in however, eric silver of _the guardian_ (britain)' b'interviewed a survivor, mophammed sammour, who testified that out' b'of a population of were killed.' b'' b'while we are talking about this man i have included more of his testimony' b'that harry naturally does not use nor does myths and facts. i wonder why.' b'no doubt he was lying right harry?' b'' b'"the reason was mainly economic. that is' b'to capture booty in order to maintain' b'the bases which we had then established' b'with very poor resources. the main idea,' b'despite this, remained the conquest of' b'the village by force of arms, something' b'which was then unknown in the country,' b'and became a turning point in jewish' b'military operations"' b'' b'yehuda lapidot, jabontinsky archives testimony' b'' b'"apart from the military discussion, the' b'lehi put forward a proposal to liqui-' b'date the residents of the village after' b'the conquest, in order to show the arabs' b'what happens when the izl and the lehi' b'set out together on an operation, and for' b'another main reason it would cause a' b'great uproar throughout the land and' b'would be an important turning point in' b'the course of the battles. the clear aim' b'was to break the arab morale and raise' b'somewhat the morale of the jewish commu-' b'nity in jerusalem, which had been hit' b'hard time after time, especially recenctly' b'by the desecration of jewish bodies which' b'fell into arab hands"' b'' b'yehuda lapidot, jabotinsky archives' b'testimony as quoted by yisrael segal in' b'"the deir yassin file", published by' b'koteret rashit 19th january b'' b"so it wasn't like the holocaust more like lidice a warning, a punishment." b'collective and inflicted on unarmed innocents just not as through.' b'' b'"when it comes to prisoners, old people' b'and children, there were differences' b'of opinion, but the majority was for' b'liquidation of all the men in the village' b'and any other force that opposed us,' b'whether it be old people, women or children' b'' b'benzion cohen' b'commander of the attack on deir yassin,' b'(j.a.t.)' b'' b'let me put in some words here' b'a. premeditated' b'b. murder' b'what do you say about the eyewitness testimony of the man in command?' b'' b'"we had prisoners and before the retreat' b'we decided to liquidate them. we also' b'liquidated the wounded, as anyway we could' b'not give them first aid. in one place' b'about eighty arab prisoners were killed' b'after some of them had opened fire and' b'killed one of the people who came to give' b'them first aid. arabs who dressed up' b'as arab women were also found, and so' b'they started to shoot the women also who' b'did not hurry to the area where the' b'prisoners were concentrated"' b'' b'(j.a.t.)' b'' b'shooting prisoners, the wounded, as a warning to hurry? sounds very' b'familiar to me, how about you? heard of other people other places doing' b'these things?' b'' b'"in one case the zahran family only' b'one out of twenty five survived. in' b'another house they caught the sixteen' b'year old son fuad. his mother was holding' b'him. they killed him with a knife. the' b'mother spent twenty years after that in' b'a mental hospital. a young woman and her' b'two year old baby were shot in the' b'street. their bodies were left there.' b'they moved to the centre of the village' b'and started to kill everybody they saw or' b'heard, as soon as anybody opened his' b'door. they were using bombs [grenades],' b'machine-guns, submachine-guns. my cousin' b'escaped with bullet-holes in his clothes.' b'one of the officers put his machinegun' b'through a window and started shooting' b'outwards, killing everybody who moved.' b'they killed my uncle, ali hassan zeidan,' b'and my aunt fatima. she heard him call' b"'help me'. she ran to him and they killed" b'her. another neighbour haj yarah,' b'heard some voices and came out. they killed' b'him too. his son muhammad, who was' b'about seventeen, heard his father call' b'him and went to the same place. they' b'killed him. his mother heard her son cry' b'for help. she ran out and they killed' b'her. that was near my house. i saw this"' b'' b'muhammad arif sammour' b'' b"funny how 'myths and facts' does not see fit to include this too after all" b'if he is reliable enough to report casualties why not the actual events? what' b'do you say about this harry?' b'' b'"in the exchange that followed four men' b'were killed and a dozen were wounded..' b'..by noon time the battle was over and' b'the shooting had ceased. although there' b'was a calm, the village had not yet surrendered.' b'the irgun and lehi men came' b"out of hiding and began to 'clean' the houses." b'they shot whoever they saw, women' b'and children included, the commanders did' b'not try and stop the massacre...i' b'pleaded with the commander to order his' b'men to cease fire, but to no avail. in' b'the meantime twenty five arabs had been' b'loaded on a truck and driven through' b'mahane-yehuda and zichron yosef. at the' b'end of the drive, they were taken to' b'the quarry bvetween deir yassin and givat' b'shaul, and murdered in cold blood"' b'' b"meir pa'il, interview with yediot ahronot b'' b'--' b'joseph askew, gauche and proud in the autumn stillness, see the pleiades,' b'disclaimer? sue, see if i care north of our tents, the sky must end somwhere,' b'actually, i rather like brenda beyond the pale, the river murmurs on.' 