b'' b'' b'' b'as\teven though the point of your article seemed to be to flame, i' b'as felt i should point out that the lions share of us foreign aid goes to' b'as germany, where the us stationed a hundered thousand troops for b'as years, while the germans kicked our economic collective ass. the' b'as money that goes to israel is miniscule compared to what goes to' b'as germany.' b'' b'what an evasive comparison! u.s. troops stationed in germany or' b'anywhere else is the world is not "foreign aid," numbnuts! are you' b"sure you're not a closet holocaust revisionist, adam??? i have a" b'suggestion for you: write to your congressman or senator and ask him' b'or her for the official definition of "foreign aid" and just who are' b'the recipients of such. israel is definitely on the top of the heap,' b'no matter how you try to twist the truth.' b'' b"why don't you pull your head out of your ass and into reality? first off, what" b'is the deal with your subject lines? do you think that you are being funny?' b"ha ha. what a developed sense of humor you have, i'm surprised they let you" b'out of the cage. why don\'t we not talk about the "official" definition of' b'foreign aid and talk about where money is really spent. more money is spent' b'stationing troops in germany (ie paying the troops, maintaining bases and equip,' b'etc) than in israel. plus, israel does not ask the us to send troops to fight' b'her battles. if you look at the amount of money spent defending korean' b'shipping lanes, norway, and other trouble spots in the world, you will see that' b'aid to israel from a practical standpoint is not that much. and so what b'so what if israel gets the most (assuming i buy your feeble argument)? what' b'is your point? do you not want to subsidize israel? well, you have two options' b'1) start your own campaign, get elected as president, and then force congress' b"to cut all aid to israel or get the fuck out! if you don't like how this" b"country operates and can't change it then move to iran or something." b'' b'all my love,' b'ed.' b'' 