b'' b'' b'' b'...' b'for your information on israel. since i read both american media' b'and israeli media, i can say with absolute certainty that anybody' b'who reliesx exclusively on the american press for knowledge about' b'israel does not have a true picture of what is going on.' b'' b'of course you never read arab media,' b'' b'i read arab, israeli (jer. post, and this network is more than enough)' b'' b'the jerusalem post is only a small part of the israeli media one' b'that caters to outsiders for the most part, anyways).' b'' b"if you never read ha'aretz, maariv, or other hebrew langauge papers" b', or at least seen some of their articles translated, you are not' b'really getting the israeli media.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'and western (american, french, and british) reports and i can say' b'that if we give israel and arabs on the bias scale (of course' b'you can switch the polarities) israeli newspapers will get either' b'a or american leading newspapers and tv news range from b'' b'inlcuding some of the left-leaning ones?' b'' b'' b'to (yes there are some that are more israelis than israelis)' b'' b'a to a is that why stations such as pbs have run shows which' b'do not depict the israeli standpoint at all?' b'' b'is that why the intifada got more coverage in and than did' b'saddamn gassing kurds by the thousands?' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'the montreal suburban (a local free newspaper) probably is closer' b"to kahane's views than some israeli right wing newspapers, british" b'' b'i am from montreal. i read the suburban. did they ever advocate the' b'kahane stupidity of expelling the arabs? are they racist?' b'' b'the suburban has some columnists that explain the israeli standpoint.' b'' b'they are nothing like kahane. in any case, the suburban is a paper' b'with a minor local distribution and no influence.' b'' b'' b'' b'range from (neutral) to french (that iknow of, of course) range' b'from (afro-french magazines) to arab official media range from' b'0 to (egyptian) to in sa. why no because they do not want to' b'overdo it and stir people against israel and therefore against them since' b'they are doing nothing.' b'' b'' b' as to the claim that israeli papers are biased, of course they' b'are. some may lean to the right or the left, just like the media' b'here in america. but they still report events about which people' b'here know nothing. i choose to form my opinions about israel and' b'the mideast based on more knowledge than does an average american' b'who relies exclusively on an american media which does not report' b'on events in the mideast with any consistency or accuracy.' b'' b'the average bias of what you read would be probably around b'while that of the average american would be the same if they do' b'not read or read the new-york times and similar news-makers, and' b'-8 if they read some other relatively less biased newspapers.' b'' b'so you are not better off.' b'' b'' b'so what source is the closest thing to a zero?' b'' b'' b'ishay' b'' 