b'' b'3) if i decided to go back to the land from which my relatives had been' b'expelled years ago, but first i convert to any other religion, can i' b'apply to the law of return as a member of the jewish nation or should i' b'apply as someone whose mother is jewish?' b'' b"i'm not sure about this but i hope the answer is that you can't apply under" b"the law of return. by conversion, you've elected not to be a part of the" b'jewish nation.' b'' b'' b'5) what has change in me between the day before and the day after i converted' b'to loose my being part of the jewish nation?' b'' b'at the moment you converted, you officially anounced to the world that *you* do not' b'consider yourself to be part of the jewish nation. so, why should the jewish nation' b'consider you to be a member?' b'' b'' b'suppose my father is arab. suppose he was born in palestine, in some place' b'which now is part of israel. suppose that his father, and his grandfather as' b'well as or generations before him were born in that place.' b'now suppose there is a war of independence and my father, scared by all the' b'fighting going on, tries to take his family to a place more secure, among' b'people he knows, who speak a language he understands, who worship the same' b'god. now, suppose that that place is some other arab country.' b'and, now suppose that the war is over and that there is a new country created' b'where my father used to live, and that that country is called israel.' b'and, that in that country, jews from all over the world are received. and' b'that people whose family left thet country generation ago are recieved and' b'granted full-citizenship.' b"should i, if i decided to go back to my father's land, where he was born as" b'20 or generations of my family were born, have the right to go back and' b'ask to be recognized in the same way those who are returning after b'years?' b'' b'no. as a result of wars brought by the arabs against the jews in an attempt to' b'annihilate israel, the arabs have lost their claim to land there. attacking israel' b'is/was illegal and they now have to pay the price. do i feel sorry for the' b'palestinians? yes i do. but i blame the arab nations for their problems, not' b'israel.' b'' b'' b'-adam schwartz' 