b'' b'' b'i appeal to to all of you to show up in washington dc. this saturday to' b'participate in a peaceful demonstration for the sake of humanity!! this is a' b'critical point in the history of world and we can make a change otherwise things' b'will not change there in bosnia.. rapes/killings/ethnic cleansing will' b'go on as a norm in the days to follow. the un will get to the towns after the fall' b'of thousands of inocent civilians (like in zapa just the past weekend!). it happened' b"to the jews in 1940's, it's happening to the muslims today and who will be the next" b'victim??' b'' b'since the europeans want to remain indifferent in this issue, time has come for us to' b'take a leadership role to stop these crimes against humanity. time is now and' b'this is for real folks, the people of new england bosnian relief committee seriously believe' b"that clinton's adminstration will stop supporting the bosnian cause without sustained" b"public pressure. i just called democaratic sen. john kerry's office and they are saying that" b'he (the senator) is waiting for president to take a decision, means that he will wait and' b'join the band-wagon later if it ever moves!' b'' b"please don't rely on others to take part in this demonstration -you as an individual" b'will make a big difference. bring your families too, not only you will help a great' b'cause but also it will be fun for all. i know of several families from massachusetts' b'who are travelling friday night to participate there. contact the local islamic center' b'or bosnia relief agency if you want to travel by pre-arranged busses. the best option' b'for students is to rent-a-car and car-pool. please, spread the word around...' b'' b'' b'' b'regards,' b'' b'khalid chishti' b'' b'if you live in massachusetts and want more info:' b'' b'call ginan (from new england bosnian relief committee): b'or' b'new england bosnian relief committee phone no: b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'disclaimer: these are my opinions only and has nothing to do with my employer...' 