b'' b'which was my point. by converting to another religion i do not loose' b'my cultural identity, i just loose my religious identification.' b'i consider that defining the belonging to a nation that claims the' b'right to have a state based on religious belief is a form of racism.' b'' b'' b'to be a part or not of the jeish nation is defined by my culture and not' b'by my religion. actually, if i am an atheist, which is in fact like' b'converting into a non-jewish in terms of religion, i am still considered as' b'part of the jewish nation.' b'i can be proud of my jewish culture while not giving any importance to the' b'jewish religion. or, even more, i can be proud of my jewish culture while' b'still be convinced that the real god is another one.' b'i do not know anyone who lost his memebership to the american nation' b'because he changed of god.' b'' b"alberto, you've repeatedly misunderstood my postings. you are now making the exact point" b"that i've made several times but with a different definition of religion. you don't not" b'have to believe in the "religious" aspects of judaism to be a jew (this would confine' b'judaism to be just a religion in the sense of a christianity.). so, by converting out of' b"judaism, i don't mean just not believing in the god of judaism. i mean voluntarily" b'removing yourself from the jewish nation. i am an agnostic but still consider myself' b'jewish because of my cultural heritage. (i admit that many religious jews would argue' b'that i am not completely jewish because of my lack of faith, but judaism is a religion of' b"dissent and debate isn't it?). the fact that one can opt to become jewish simply by" b'converting to judaism makes the nation of the jewish people the *least* racist and most' b'open nation. we have no quotas!' b'' b'so i will once again make my point. defining a member of the jewish nation by religion' b'(not, as you say, religious belief) is not racism. you come to your incorrect conclusion' b'because you use a different definition for religion when you define the law of return and' b'when you define judaism.' b'' b'-adam schwartz' b'' 