b'' b'+-----------------------------------------------------------+' b'| b'| "there\'s no room for christians here!" and "when we b'| finish with the armenians, we\'ll go after the russians!" b'| b'+-----------------------------------------------------------+' b'' b'deposition of karine borisovna melkumian b'' b'born b'teacher' b'boarding school no. b'' b'resident at building 2b, apartment b'block 41a' b'sumgait [azerbaijan]' b'' b'this is my fate: i had everything, we were a happy family, and now, at b"i've become a widow, i'm left to raise my three children alone; the third, not" b'yet two months old, was born in yerevan. igor and i had thought that if it was' b'a girl we would call her raisa, after my mother-in-law, and if it was a boy,' b"we'd call him arsen, after igor's grandfather. i had a girl, and i, without" b'igor, named her raisa, in honor of her dead grandmother.' b'' b'our family and the melkumians had been neighbors since igor and i grew' b'up together, we were friends from childhood on. we got engaged when i was b'in when i was we were married. two children were born to us in' b'sumgait. my daughter is now years old, her name is kristina, and my son,' b'seryozha, is four and a half.' b'' b'first i shall tell what happened on february that day on my way home from' b'work i passed lenin square, where about people had gathered. there were' b"komsomol members there, and pioneers [children's organization], and there were" b'both party members and non-party people there as well. all of them were' b'shouting, "there\'s no room for christians here!" and "when we finish with the' b'armenians, we\'ll go after the russians!" and some even cried out, "death to' b'the armenians!" absurd rumors had been circulating about town. i became' b'frightened. i came home, breathless, and told about everything i had seen' b"downtown. my family couldn't believe it. my father-in-law sogomon markovich" b"melkumian, wasn't home, he was at an azerbaijani wedding. by eight o'clock he" b'returned and had barely finished parking the car when his rear window was' b'smashed with a rock. he got out of the car but there was no one there. well i' b'was telling him everything, too, and he said, "what, is there no longer any' b'government?" that same day igor said, "papa, something terrible is happening' b'in the city." and he said, "we\'ll stay at home, no one will drive us from our' b'own home."' b'' b"the day passed. on february that was sunday, we didn't go out. we called" b'our relatives and asked them all kinds of questions, and they all said the' b'same thing. sometime around evening they started smashing the car of an' b"armenian from the neighboring building. ira, my brother-in-law's wife, and i" b"called the police: they're wrecking a car, help. we called and called, and" b"nonetheless they didn't come and they didn't do anything." b'' b'on february on monday, even though there were troops in the city, we were' b'afraid to go to work. i called the school: i had the keys to the classroom. i' b"told the senior teacher that he should send someone for the keys, i wouldn't" b'be coming in. he agreed, and even said, "fine, don\'t come in, we understand' b'what\'s going on in town, don\'t come in."' b'' b'before that, on the 28th, the ambartsumian family came over. they came to my' b'father-in-law and said, "uncle sergey, they broke our windows, bad things are' b'happening in town." uncle misha ambartsumian even said, "with my own eyes i' b'saw them chasing naked girls through the streets. i don\'t know," he said, "we' b'should leave town." well on the 29th we were already trying to decide where we' b"should go, thinking we'd go to our dacha. we got a couple of bags together," b'clothes, food, the bare essentials. and then somewhere around the' b'building manager came by and said, "uncle sergey, the situation in town is' b'bad, don\'t go out." my father even opened up to him and said, "maybe we\'ll' b'drive to the dacha, it\'ll be safer there." "no," he said, "it\'ll be worse' b'there, you\'ll be safer at home." he said don\'t be afraid, if something happens' b"i'll send people to save you." b'' b'after he left about minutes passed and about people burst into our' b'courtyard. all of us were at home at the time: igor and i and our two' b'children, ira and edik and their daughter, my sister-in-law ira, and my' b'mother-and father-in-law. and the ambartsumian family, there were three of' b'them, uncle misha, zhasmen, and their daughter marina. now when they started' b'breaking down the door i remember edik and igor told us, "go in that room' b"and close the door. close the door and calm the children so they won't hear" b'that there\'s anyone home." the children started crying. suddenly ira, my' b'brother-in-law\'s wife, suggested, "let\'s run out onto the balcony." we the' b'two daughters-in-law and the children, and zhasmen and marina raced out' b'onto the balcony. my sister-in-law and my mother-in-law ran in and said,' b'"quick, over to the other balcony, or they\'ll kill you all." we lived on the' b"second floor. we needed to cross over from our balcony to our neighbor's. at" b"first we couldn't manage it. the balcony looked onto the street. at that time" b'people were coming home from work, and many just stood there, watching. i' b'pleaded and begged: "please, call someone, have someone come!" i even started' b'shouting. "i\'ll throw down the children, i\'ll throw them down, you catch them' b'and take them somewhere, so at least the children will survive." either they' b"were afraid or i don't know what. they looked as though they were" b"watching a movie. some of them started throwing stones at us. i'll say it" b"again, these weren't the bandits, these were people from the other part of the" b'building and from our entryway, they were just regular people, passersby. a' b"bus even stopped. i remember a man's voice saying the armenians were climbing" b'over to the other balcony. ira, my sister-in-law, helped us get the children' b"over there. i was pregnant, about seven months pregnant. no, it wasn't yet" b'seven, it was six and a half. i climbed over too. i think zhasmen went first;' b"you know, i just don't remember it all that well. zhasmen went first, i think," b"and edik's wife ira and i had the children, and they were all screaming and" b'crying. my kristina said, "mamma, don\'t throw us over the balcony, we\'re' b'afraid!" lilia was crying, and kristina and seryozha were crying too. kristina' b'didn\'t even want to climb over. she shouted, "i\'m staying with grandmother,' b'i\'m staying with grandma!" she loved her grandma, more than she loved me. and' b'my mother-in-law shouted, "oh no, kristina\'s still there, she\'s still there,' b'save kristina, too!" ira helped us climb over, with kristina coming last. ira' b'helped us and went back inside.' b'' b"we started pounding on the neighbor's balcony door. i pounded with my fist," b'sevil, open the door, open it, please!" she didn\'t open it. "no, go away, go' b'anywhere, go, i\'m not opening the door." she was our neighbor, we were' b'friends, we never refused her anything, ever! and apparently she thought we' b'were going to break the windows, and she opened the door. she opened it and' b'said, "karina, karina, go away, go anywhere, just don\'t stay here, they\'ll' b'kill us, too, because of you." i begged, "please, at least take the children,' b'we\'ll leave, we\'ll go back." "no," she said, "you have to leave." her sons ran' b'in, one had a knife. sevil\'s brother, he\'s around shouted at us: "get out' b'of here, leave, i\'ll kill you with this knife!" i became terrified, i took the' b'children and went out in the entryway and went down a few stairs. i went down' b'and heard a loudspeaker. it was in the courtyard "the armenians must be' b'killed, they\'ve taken all the best places, all the best apartments!" one of' b'them said, "let the armenian blood flow, none of them should survive!" when i' b'heard that i went upstairs and started knocking on doors. no one opened their' b"door for me! not on the third floor, or the fourth. i couldn't see zhasmen any" b'longer. ira came upstairs later. i even thought that they had let her stay,' b'that they would save her.' b'' b'my head was spinning. they were killing my family, and here i was in the next' b'entryway with two children. seryozha was four, and kristina was five and a' b'half. they were crying, "mamma, we\'re scared!" they were so frightened that i' b"didn't even know how to calm them, should i try to calm them or myself? it was" b'awful. but on the third floor a man did open his door. i asked, "open up, let' b'me inside!" he opened the door slightly and said, "no!" "no" and that was it!' b'he said it so sternly: "no!" i went up to the fifth floor. i pounded my fists' b'on the door with all my might. he opened up, the man of the house, and stood' b'there, looking at me. i was ready to get down on my knees. i almost did get' b'down on my knees. "please, i beg of you, at least take the children." he' b"wasn't an azerbaijani, he was a lezgin. i don't even know how, but he let me" b"inside. and when i went in, zhasmen was already there. two minutes hadn't" b"passed when ira and lilia came up the stairs. lilia was crying. he didn't want" b'to open the door. and again i started pleading, "please, open the door, it\'s' b'our ira and lilia! open the door!" and he said, "no, i\'m afraid." i said again' b'and again, "please, open the door, please!" he looked at me. he looked at me' b'for a long time and then opened the door after all. ira came in with lilia. we' b"threw ourselves into each other's arms, crying. then the man locked us into" b'the bathroom. we sat there for a long time. through the door he told us, "calm' b'the children, and calm yourselves down, too."' b'' b'calm down? this man was hiding us, but what of our family? when i was still in' b'our apartment i had sensed that none of us would come out of this alive. i' b'said, "igor, edik, let\'s say farewell." and edik turned around and looked at' b'me as if to say, is that some kind of joke? all the same i thought they would' b'kill all of us. igor looked at me, too but it was already too late! they' b'started pounding on the door, igor was standing next to the door. before that' b'he had told us, "go lock yourselves in that room and sit tight." he thought we' b'were in the room. but before we went out onto the balcony we went to them:' b'"edik, igor, let\'s say farewell." igor didn\'t think we could climb over to the' b"other balcony. and we did get over there, and i myself can't believe we were" b'able to save ourselves.' b'' b'igor put on a helmet, and edik had his coat on, and he put on a fur hat. all' b'the men--igor, edik, their father, and misha ambartsumian--they all stood next' b'to the door. they thought they would pound on it a while and leave. but from' b'the other side of the door they ordered in azerbaijani: "open the door!" we' b'were all silent, waiting. someone outside the door said, "they\'re home,' b'they\'re in there, break down the door!" and i remember my father-in-law' b'whispering, "they\'re going to break it down now, it\'s coming down now b'' b'he had something in his hands, i think it was a knife: if they got in, we were' b'going to defend ourselves. in the hall near the door there were two metal' b'chair legs. from outside the door they said, "we\'re counting to five, open' b'up!" but we were all quiet, we didn\'t answer them. we made like no one was' b"home. we figured they'd leave, they'd get tired and leave. my father-in-law" b'had said, "it\'s not possible they\'d come into my home. how can that be?' b'everyone knows us, all of sumgait knows our family, we are on good terms with' b'everyone." and indeed a day did not pass that there wasn\'t an azerbaijani' b'guest at our table. we had a nice dacha, everyone would get together there' b'often, azerbaijanis liked being with us there too. but now we had to save' b'ourselves, we had to flee from our own home. ira, i remember, said, "i\'m not' b"leaving here, my brothers and my parents are here, i'm going to fight" b'alongside them." that\'s just what she said. she picked up a knife and said,' b'"if they open the door and come into the apartment then i\'m going to fight' b'alongside my family, i\'m not going anywhere."' b'' b"we were at sevil's when they broke into our apartment. we heard fighting and" b'shouting. the noise was terrible. and when we hid upstairs on the fifth floor' b"at the lezgin's apartment, you could hear everything up there, too. even ira's" b'voice. i remember her calling her mother several times. she called her for a' b'long time i started pounding on the door in the bathroom: "open the' b"door, what are they doing to ira, who's shouting, that's ira shouting, that's" b'her voice!" but the lezgin said, "it\'s nothing, calm down, no, it\'s not in' b'your apartment." he was lying to me so i\'d calm down. two hours went by and' b'the lezgin opened the door and said, "karina, igor got away, calm down. he ran' b'away." he saw igor break away and run off with his own eyes. they killed him' b'outside, next to the building.' b'' b'while we were in the bathroom i experienced every possible human terror. the' b'way ira shouted! she shouted, "save me, mamma, save me! mamma, mamma!"' b'she repeated it several times. there was a wild din. there were very many' b'people there, all of them shouting, all of them bellowing, howling,' b"whistling--you just can't imagine what was going on, what the roar was like." b'' b'apparently, after they had killed ira those murderers came into the entryway' b'where we were hiding and came upstairs, all the way up to the fifth floor. i' b"don't know if they were just looking for any armenians or for us in" b'particular, but i think they were looking for us because when we had climbed' b'over the balconies someone on the street was saying that the daughters-in-law' b'were climbing over the balconies. and after we heard ira we heard them coming' b'up the stairs in the entryway and hammering on the doors. i thought those were' b'our last moments, and started saying good-bye to my children, kissing them.' b'they were sleeping. i woke them up: "kristina! seryozha, wake up!" and i tell' b'ira: "ira, if something happens, we\'ll throw ourselves off the balcony." we' b'were on the fifth floor. apparently our lezgin neighbor had opened the door' b'too, because later he said, "i opened the door and told them there were no' b'armenians inside." and after they all left our neighbor went out on the' b'balcony himself to see: they were gone.' b'' b"we weren't friends with those lezgin neighbors, we only knew each other from" b"the building. but the people we were friends with wouldn't even consider" b'hiding us.' b'' b'the lezgin let us out of the bathroom. they had a candle burning. he said,' b'"karina, there\'re no lights on in our block." the whole block was dark, the' b'whole block! it\'s a huge block, too. the lezgin said, "i\'m afraid to keep' b"you until morning, i'm afraid of the neighbors, they might kill me for saving" b'you." i said, "what are you saying, we\'ll leave now. but we can\'t just leave' b'with the children in the middle of the night. give us time to find somewhere' b'else to hide." he said, "well ok, go look." i asked ira, "ira, do you want to' b'go?" ira said, "no, i\'ll stay with the children, karina." i said, "fine, then' b'i\'ll go." zhasmen and i went downstairs together. it was very dark. no one' b'was in the courtyard. it was dark, pitch black. l was afraid to go out at' b'after seven, igor always met me after work and accompanied me home, i never' b'went out alone. and now here i was out in the middle of the night and after a' b'slaughter like that, too. it was probably after eleven. later i called the' b'boarding school and my director answered. he said, "karina, where are you?" i' b"didn't know, i was calling from a public phone outside and didn't know where i" b'was. i got confused and hung up the receiver. from him i only found out what' b'time it was, i asked him, "what time is it?" he said i think, but i' b"don't really remember. so anyway zhasmen and i went out into the courtyard. i" b'look and see what appears to be a person not far from our apartment. and there' b'was the smell of something burnt. i became horrified. i looked at the corpse' b'for a long time. it was either ira or edik. i only saw one of them, zhasmen' b'grabbed my hand and squeezed it: "hurry up, let\'s go hurry up, come on,' b'what are you turning around for?" i turned around and saw a large truck, it' b'must have belonged to the bandits, because they came to kill us in a truck' b'like that. we lived in the third entryway, and that truck was next to the' b'fourth. we walked quickly, holding hands. i thought, if i go to the police' b"then they'll put me away. i couldn't count on them. before i reached the" b'police station i saw a military vehicle. we went over and i said, "soldier, in' b"block i don't know if they've killed people or injured them--we need to" b'save them!" and he said, "go to the police station and tell them everything."' b'i said, "i\'m afraid to go there, i\'m afraid of them." he said, "don\'t be' b'afraid."' b'' b'we went to the police and they wrote down the address, and the military' b"vehicle went to our building. i didn't go with them, they left me at the" b'police station. i gave the addresses of my mother and my brothers so that' b"they'd rescue them, too. i didn't know where they were or what had happened to" b'them.' b'' b'after a while they brought my children and ira and lilia. first they took us' b'to the kgb, that was at two or three in the morning. then around five they' b'took us to the city party committee, and there were very many people there,' b'very many. i was pregnant and was wearing nothing but a dress. seryozha was' b'only wearing a shirt, and kristina had a little dress on. no coat, no boots,' b'nothing! and we sat there for three whole days in the city party committee.' b'' b'the lezgin had told me that igor escaped. and i thought that he was probably' b'alive. but then after two and a half days, they took us, the armenians of' b'sumgait, to nasosny. on march some people from the central committee came' b'and told us, "karina, ira, we need you, come with us to the city party' b'committee." my mamma had come to nasosny, and she had been looking for me for' b'six days. mama, my brothers, and my uncle. we went to the city party committee' b'and waited there in the courtyard. i was wearing nothing but a dress, and ira' b'had only a dress on as well. there was a strong wind on march an hour went' b'by. and then one of the functionaries told us, "karina, ira, gather your' b'courage. would you like to go to the burial?" i said, "what, did they really' b'kill all of them?!" he said, "let\'s look." he had a long list, and he started' b'reading them off: igor melkumian, my husband, eduard melkumian, my brother-in-' b'law, irina melkumian, my sister-in-law, sogomon melkumian, my father-in-law,' b'and raisa melkumian, my mother-in-law. he read off all their names and said,' b'"get in the car, let\'s go to the burial."' b'' b"we buried our family. i couldn't believe it at the time, i couldn't conceive" b'of it or imagine it and even now i think how shall i explain it to my' b"children when they're older?" b'' b'my children were very attached to their father and their grandfather and' b"grandmother. kristina didn't love me the way she loved her grandfather and" b'grandmother, they spoiled her. kristina would always announce, "my grandma is' b'better than anyone!" now, even though she is getting used to my mother, it\'s' b'difficult for her, and once she told her: "you\'re a bad grandmother."' b'' b'i don\'t know why, i asked her, "kristina, where\'s papa?" and she said, "they' b'killed him." she knows, she understands it all. and recently i scolded' b'seryozha severely for something, and he started shouting at me, "when papa' b'comes i\'m going to tell him everything!"' b'' b'july b'nairi boarding house' b'near the village of arzakan' b'hrazdan district' b'armenian ssr' b'- reference b'' b'[1] _the sumgait tragedy; pogroms against armenians in soviet azerbaijan,' b'volume i, eyewitness accounts_, edited by samuel shahmuradian, forward by' b'yelena bonner, published by aristide d. caratzas, ny, page b'' b'' b'--' b's.d.p.a. center for regional studies anatolia and has forgotten the' b'p.o. box punishment inflicted on it." b'cambridge, ma late turkish president turgut ozal' 