b'' b' i am not aware of any such incidents.' b' i have asked you to document your accusation.' b' i repeat my request, nay, demand, that you either substantiate your' b' accusation or else desist from spewing more "baseless eggert blabber".' b'' b'' b" i've read most of the history books dealing with this period," b' good and bad, and while it is possible that i missed one or two,' b" none of those i've read documents any razing of mosques. so i" b' think that this remarkable claim requires specific documentation.' b'' b'jake disrespectfully demands, and adam requires specific documentation' b'of the razing of mosques in jerusalem. if either of them had been' b'reading t.p.m for a while, they would already have seen such' b'documentation. for the forgetful or newcomers, however, here are the' b'references.' b'' b"well, -i've- been reading t.p.m. for a while and here is what i saw" b'you write:' b'' b'' b'for balance, perhaps you should mention the mosques in jerusalem that' b'were razed after the israeli victory in an eye for an eye, i guess.' b'' b'your statment clearly tries to "balance" arab atrocities by noting a' b'single incident by the israelis in war-time at their most holy site.' b'you even characterize it as "an eye for an eye".' b'' b'you also wrote:' b'' b'that would be false. if you read your history, you will learn that' b'right after the war, the victorious israelis decided to raze a' b'section of the newly captured east jerusalem, near the wailing wall.' b'it is in this section that mosques were razed.' b'' b'so now you have to find some source that notes that more than mosque' b'was razed. you then followed it with:' b'' b'this episode is an example of a good government running amok with' b'newly acquired power.' b'' b'really? do you still feel that israelis are comparable in the running' b'amok with power with, say, the iraqis? your "eye for an eye"' b"comparisons don't match the realities that most of us are familiar" b'with.' b'' b'quoting from the west bank story, pages b'"on the night of june an israeli officer marched from door to door' b'' b'this happened to be during a war! and a fierce and mighty war it was,' b'too. would you say that the jordanians "indiscriminately shot up' b'ancient structures as is their custom" in describing bullet holes in' b'the walls of the city? this was war! it was certainly not any "eye' b'for an eye" characterstic. israelis do not harbor the same feelings' b'of revenge as the arabs generally do. this is one of the reasons that' b'the peace now movement exists in israel and nowhere else in the m.e.' b'' b'' b'--' b'american-occupied new york have replaced jimmy carter as the' b'my opinions only employer has no opinions. standard of a failed president.' 