b'' b'' b'' b'' b"labour's enclaves policy in the occupied territories" b'' b'by israel shahak' b'publ. in middle east international, london, b'' b"it is not difficult to discover israel's policy towards the" b'palestinians at any given time. it can be easily inferred' b'from the facts on the ground and from the information' b'provided by the hebrew press. there is one condition,' b'though. the torrents of claptrap about "the peace' b'process" must be totally ignored, as must israel\'s official' b'pronouncements, whole sole purpose is to distort reality.' b'by concentrating only on the facts, it was early apparent' b"that labour's policies were no different from those of" b'shamir but for their greater reliance on deceit and their' b'more effective implementation.' b'' b"likud's policies were accurately described by ariel" b'sharon in an article, accompanied by a map, in yediot' b'aharonot last august. the sharon plan envisaged a' b'division of the west bank into seven, and the gaza strip' b'into four, "autonomous" palestinian enclaves, all of them' b'under israeli supervision. the total area of these' b'enclaves amounted to about per cent of the' b'territories. the rest was to be controlled by the israeli' b'settlements and the highways built around the enclaves.' b'the entire area around jerusalem, from the outskirts of' b'ramallah to the boundaries of bethlehem, has already' b'been turned into a "greater jerusalem" where the arab-' b'inhabited localities amount to small enclaves surrounded' b'by areas occupied by israeli settlements or reserved for' b'them.' b'' b"judging from labour's settlement policy, it may be" b'assumed that it may content itself with a lesser number' b'of arab enclaves of a rather larger size than sharon had' b'planned. but the principle of surrounding the enclaves by' b'settlements strategically dispersed along the highways' b'remains unchanged. labour plans only four enclaves in' b'the west bank: two in "samaria" and two in "judea" (i.e.' b'north and south of jerusalem respectively), and no more' b'than two in the gaza strip. in regard to "greater' b'jerusalem", labour\'s policies hardly deviate from' b"sharon's." b'' b'a saner version of likud policy' b'' b'as some israeli correspondents at once realised, labour' b"policies were but a saner version of sharon's" b'extravaganza. last july, gideon eshet wrote in yediot' b'aharonot that, while "barely a few months ago" labour' b'supported the demand to freeze all construction beyond' b'the green line, "no specific decision to freeze' b'construction in the territories has been taken". and uzi' b'benziman wrote in ha\'aretz that "as far as can be judged' b'on the basis of the internal political discussions in' b'jerusalem, rabin intends to stick to likud\'s ways".' b'' b'the two biggest enclaves envisaged by labour are' b'located in "samaria". therefore the belt of settlements' b'around the "trans-samaria highway", designed to' b'separate those enclaves from each other, is of paramount' b'importance. according to the latest data, the percentage' b'of israeli settlers in the entire west bank population' b'(apart from east jerusalem) is a mere per cent. but' b'for the area around the "trans-samaria highway", the' b'corresponding figure is almost per cent, and it is' b'increasing steadily. the situation in the settlements of' b'the "efrat block" south of jerusalem, designed to sever' b'the enclave around bethlehem from the one around' b'hebron, is pretty much the same. the "efrat block" is now' b'being connected with west jerusalem by a highway.' b'' b'the project is costly in the extreme, because the highway' b'is designed to bypass bethlehem by a sequence of long' b'tunnels. the final decision to build this highway was' b"suspended until rabin's return from his us visit in" b'march. the subsequent decision to renew its construction' b'can be seen as us approval for the enclaves plan as a' b'whole.' b'' b'process of impoverishment' b'' b'the enclaves plan implies deliberate and steady' b'impoverishment of the palestinians. this is well known' b'in israel but ignored abroad by all who should be' b'concerned, including the plo. in regard to the gaza strip,' b"the whole process was best described by ze'ev shiff in" b'ha\'aretz in march. he mentions having seen "a pamphlet' b'issued six years ago by the civil administration' b'forecasting the conditions in the gaza strip under israeli' b'rule in his analysis deserves to be quoted' b'extensively:' b'' b'"we continue to steal the strip\'s water, even though its' b'quality deteriorates from year to year. we continue to' b"steal the strip's tiny land resources, in order to found" b'there more and more settlements, as if we deliberately' b'want to make the inhabitants despair, and in their' b'despair think in termws of having nothing to lose. it is' b"by our own doing that the strip's workers must now" b'spend travelling to their workplaces almost as much time' b'as they spend working. from the military point of view,' b"we have kept control of no more than half the strip's" b'area at an increasingly exorbitant price in manpower and' b'resources. about a year before moshe arens left the' b'defence ministry, i heard him saying that we should' b'withdraw from the strip come what may. his argument' b'was that israel sinks into the strip ever deeper and' b'deeper. he told me he had proposed this to yitzhak' b'shamir but he rejected it." yitzhak rabin rejects it too.' b'' b'enormous state support for the qatif block settlers can' b'also be cited as proof that the enclaves plan is being' b'implemented. the qatif block settlements, founded by' b'the first rabin government of are intended to' b'divide the gaza strip into two separate enclaves. efraim' b'davidi of davar had data showing how vital for israeli' b'this enterprise is. "the qatif block is now producing b'per cent of israeli tomatoes destined for export, and a' b'substantial proportion of cut flowers." he also deals with' b'the subsidies the settlers receive, considerably' b'augmented by the present government. owing to them,' b'housing units are cheap. the present government does' b'not spare efforts to recruit new settlers to the block.' b'"any prospective settler will get a per cent mortgage' b'for his house on top of a grant of shekels' b'($6,500)."' b'' b"such data shows that israel's plans apply whether the" b'palestinians of the gaza strip are allowed or forbidden to' b'work in israel. the economic motivations were explained' b"by danny rubinstein in ha'aretz in march:" b'' b'"from the economic viewpoint gaza could already be' b"sealed off hermetically and all the strip's workers could" b'be barred from entering israel...even though accurate' b'data is hard to come by, it is indisputable that during the' b'last two years the numbes of gazan workers arriving' b'daily to work in israel has markedly decreased, from' b"80,000 in the mid'80s to today. but the decrease" b'is not only due to restrictions imposed on entering israel' b'from gaza. it is also due to the drastic curtailment of' b'demand for gazan labour in israel. with unemployment' b'in israel soaring and the construction of apartments' b'blocks virtually halted, the workers from gaza are no' b'longer really needed..."' b'' b"gaza's total dependence" b'' b'the entire economy of the gaza strip is totally dependent' b'on israel. in recent years in the gaza strip there has' b'been an increase in sub-contracted work for israeli' b'factories, mostly footware and textiles. thousands of' b'small workshops, employing an average of four workers,' b'get their raw materials or unfinished products, together' b'with detailed working instructions, from israeli factories.' b'rubinstein attributes this development to the fact that' b'"the average wage in the gaza strip is merely per cent' b'of that in the west bank, which in turn stands at half the' b'average wage in israel; and besides the gazan employer' b'does not pay any social security for his employees." if' b'the average wage in the gaza strip is just a fifth of that' b'in israel, the profits of israeli factories and even of' b'palestinian sub-contractors must be vast.' b'' b'they are higher still when "a gazan sub-contractor' b'provides labour to be performed at home, with the' b"family's help. the livelihood of tens of thousands of" b'gazans depends on such sub-contracted work." many of' b'them are women and children, paid about ten shekels' b'($3.50) a day which can last hours or more. there can' b'be no doubt that profits from exploiting cheap gazan' b'labour are one of the reasons for the stubborn opposition' b'of rabin and other israeli ministers to withdrawal from' b'the strip.' b'' b'economic conditions in the gaza strip differ little from' b"what was created straight after israel's conquest [in" b'1967]. in this respect, one should not be deluded by the' b'talk, nowadays fashionable, about israeli gestures' b'intended to "encourage economic development in the' b'territories", as israeli journalists point out, all permits' b'for opening new businesses depend on a prior approval' b'by the shin bet. "behind all the professed goodwill there' b'is no desire to solve problems, just the attitude of a good' b'colonialist, willing to do something for the benefit of the' b'natives, but on condition that they behave nicely, do not' b'become rebellious, and never do anything against the' b'interests of the metropolis, its economic interests' b'included," wrote michal sela in davar in february. the' b'development of sub-contracted work in the gaza strip' b"accords perfectly with sela's diagnosis." b'' b'sela also shows how exactly the economic controls work.' b'"in all branches of the economy, lobbies have been set in' b'motion for purposes of freeing israeli production from' b'the threat of any palestinian competition. the method is' b'simplicity itself. as soon as any israeli producer succeeds' b'in persuading the government, or even the trade and' b'industry minister alone, a military order is issued' b'prohibiting the export of a given produce to israel. if this' b'does not suffice, a palestinian factory may be denied a' b'licence to operate or bureaucratic obstacles may paralyse' b'its production." among the most active of such lobbies is' b'the agricultural one. it has succeeded in limiting exports' b'of gazan vegetables (except for those grown by settlers)' b'not only to israel but also to europe, where they' b'otherwise might compete with israeli exports.' b'' b'perpetuaring apartheid' b'' b"labour's goal is to perpetuate this apartheid regime in" b'the territories. the same goal is shared by the us, which' b'otherwise could not support the labour government so' b'firmly. in my view one of the reasons the us feels' b'happier about supporting labour than likud is its' b'greater efficiency in pursuing the settlement drive. this' b"point was brought home by ofer shelah in ma'ariv, who" b"deplored the settlers' failure which he attributed to" b"likud's inefficiency. he showed that the peak yearly" b'settlement growth "occured during the term of office of' b'the national unity government (i.e. in which' b'rabin served throughout as the defence minister".' b"likud's reputation for settling the territories better than" b'labour is false, attributable to the many tiny settlements' b'without strategic value founded under shamir for' b'symbolic reasons.' b'' b"to sum up: labour's policy, unconditionally supported by" b'the us differs from that of likud primarily in the' b'efficiency with which it is implemented. according to' b'that policy the territories are to be divided into two' b'parts. the major part is to be ruled by israel directly,' b'and the minor part indirectly. in my view, this racist' b'scheme is doomed to ultimately fail, but at a horrifying' b'price in human suffering. the sooner its true nature is' b'recognised, the less suffering it may cause.' b'' b'************************************' b'' b'' 