b'' b'' b'i think there are some generally accepted criteria according to which' b'one can evaluate whether certain policies or practices constitute' b'racial discrimination. these criteria are to be found for example in the' b'1. international convention for abolition of all forms of racial' b'discrimination (ratified by most countries)' b'2. the international covenant of political and civil rights' b'3. the human rights charter' b'4. the european convention of human rights' b'' b'if one reads carefully how racial discrimination is defined in these' b'legally binding instruments, and does not resort to sophistry, it is' b'obvious that the state of israel is guilty of racial discrimination.' b'' b'' b'the people suffering the most extreme form of racial discriminatnion' b'by the zionist regime are the palestinian refugees, some of whom live' b'under israeli military control and others who live in the diaspora.' b'' b'they are not entitled to return to their homeland for the sole' b'reason that they are not jews. international law does not include any' b'provisions which permits such denial of rights, under any circumstance.' b"israel's actions of denial are totally illegal and immoral. by allowing" b'the return of the refugees and permitting them to settle in tel in any area of' b'the state of israel, the state would finally gain its legitimaty under' b'international law and could be justified in asking to be recognized. it' b'would facilitate the peaceful integration of israel into the middle-east' b'and constitute the best guarantee for permanent jewish presence b'in the area. any attempt to create a separation, formal and human, between the' b'israeli jewish and palestinian arab communities, is fraught with' b'genociadal implications. i hope that u.s. jews, who sincerely wish that' b'peace prevail in israel/palestine, will finally realize this fact.' b'' b'elias davidsson' b'' b'' b'ps: please read carefully the first post in this topic, where the facts of' b'zionist racial discrimination are described.' b'' 