b'' b'' b'maybe the following example helps. it is understandable that the' b'views of a-gic are his alone. nevertheless any independent or' b'' b"'alone'? sorry, but the following western scholars are forced to disagree" b'with you. during the first world war and the ensuing years b'the armenians through a premeditated and systematic genocide,' b'tried to complete its centuries-old policy of annihilation against' b'the turks and kurds by savagely murdering million muslims and' b'deporting the rest from their year homeland.' b'' b'the attempt at genocide is justly regarded as the first instance' b'of genocide in the 20th century acted upon an entire people.' b'this event is incontrovertibly proven by historians, government' b'and international political leaders, such as u.s. ambassador mark' b'bristol, william langer, ambassador layard, james barton, stanford' b'shaw, arthur chester, john dewey, robert dunn, papazian, nalbandian,' b'ohanus appressian, jorge blanco villalta, general nikolayef, general' b'bolkovitinof, general prjevalski, general odiselidze, meguerditche,' b'kazimir, motayef, twerdokhlebof, general hamelin, rawlinson, avetis' b'aharonian, dr. stephan eshnanie, varandian, general bronsart, arfa,' b'dr. hamlin, boghos nubar, sarkis atamian, katchaznouni, rachel' b'bortnick, halide edip, mccarthy, w. b. allen, paul muratoff and many' b'others.' b'' b'j. c. hurewitz, professor of government emeritus, former director of' b'the middle east institute columbia university.' b'' b'bernard lewis, cleveland e. dodge professor of near eastern history,' b'princeton university.' b'' b'halil inalcik, university professor of ottoman history member of' b'the american academy of arts sciences, university of chicago.' b'' b'peter golden, professor of history, rutgers university, newark.' b'' b'stanford shaw, professor of history, university of california at' b'los angeles.' b'' b'thomas naff, professor of history director, middle east research' b'institute, university of pennsylvania.' b'' b'ronald jennings, associate professor of history asian studies,' b'university of illinois.' b'' b'howard reed, professor of history, university of connecticut.' b'' b'dankwart rustow, distinguished university professor of political' b'science, city university graduate school, new york.' b'' b'john woods, associate professor of middle eastern history,' b'university of chicago.' b'' b'john masson smith, jr., professor of history, university of' b'california at berkeley.' b'' b'alan fisher, professor of history, michigan state university.' b'' b'avigdor levy, professor of history, brandeis university.' b'' b'andreas g. e. bodrogligetti, professor of history, university of california' b'at los angeles.' b'' b'kathleen burrill, associate professor of turkish studies, columbia university.' b'' b'roderic davison, professor of history, george washington university.' b'' b'walter denny, professor of history, university of massachusetts.' b'' b'caesar farah, professor of history, university of minnesota.' b'' b'tom goodrich, professor of history, indiana university of pennsylvania.' b'' b'tibor halasi-kun, professor emeritus of turkish studies, columbia university.' b'' b'justin mccarthy, professor of history, university of louisville.' b'' b'jon mandaville, professor of history, portland state university (oregon).' b'' b'robert olson, professor of history, university of kentucky.' b'' b'madeline zilfi, professor of history, university of maryland.' b'' b'james stewart-robinson, professor of turkish studies, university of michigan.' b'' b'.......so the list goes on and on and on.....' b'' b'as for the genocide of the azeri people by the armenians:' b'' b'source: channel news at monday march b'2 french journalists have seen corpses of men, women and children' b'in civilian clothes. many of them shot dead from their heads as close' b'as less than meter.' b'' b'source: bbc1 morning news at tuesday march b'bbc reporter was live on line and he claimed that he saw more than b'bodies of azeri men, women and children as well as a baby who are shot' b'dead from their heads from a very short distance.' b'' b'source: bbc1 morning news at tuesday march b'very disturbing picture has shown that many civilian corpses who were' b'picked up from mountain. reporter said he, cameraman and western' b'journalists have seen more than corpses, who are men, women,' b'children, massacred by armenians. they have been shot dead from their' b'heads as close as meter. picture also has shown nearly ten bodies' b'(mainly women and children) are shot dead from their heads. azerbaijan' b'claimed that more than civilians massacred by armenian forces.' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 