b'' b'' b' there are arabs in cabinet but look how long it took and to what' b' insignificant positions they are assigned! and this is based solely' b' on race not political belief or security as jewish members of the' b' same party have always been welcome just not their fellow arabs.' b'' b'first of all, the arab standing in any party, or as any party, is solely' b'dependent upon the amount of political power they can wield effectively.' b'' b'it is not a question of an individuals standing. when a party puts up' b'an arab for a cabinet post and that arab is rejected but the position' b'is given to a jew from the same party we are not talking about power' b'but racism.' b'' b'not necessarily. as shai points out, political appointments are' b'based on power. they are also based on favors owed, coalition' b'building, and deal making. while this may have a racist element to' b'it, i think that its much more fair to attribute it to the "old boy"' b"nature of politics. now, i'll freely admit that the old boy system" b"has racist and sexist effects, but i don't think that those are its" b'purpose, whether in the us, israel, or elsewhere.' b'' b'in the past, they have not been effective at garnering votes and forming' b'a single bloc in the knesset. on the few occasions when this was done,' b'some of the parties took stands that were extremist, and ineffect precluded' b'themselves from forming a coalition and participating in the cabinet.' b'' b'not their party them as *individuals*. even when they belong to nice' b'peaceful zionist mainstream parties they are not welcome. arabs are' b'excluded on ficitious security grounds which are just an excuse. it' b'sure looks like racism to me.' b'' b'here again, you miss out on the old boy nature of politics,' b'and the existance of back-room deals. as individuals, these arabs may' b"not be as well connected as the jew who gets the job. i don't like" b'this aspect of politics, but i understand it exists.' b'' b'adam' b'' b'' b'' b'"if we had a budget big enough for drugs and sexual favors, we sure' b'wouldn\'t waste them on members of congress..." -john perry barlow' 