b'' b'' b'you are right to notice my assumptions. i should have used "bosnian' b'serbs" (and serbia) and "bosnian muslims" in my post.' b'' b'how quaint of you to point this out, and then to completely ignore' b"all of the blatant lies you've trotted out. the scenario and genocide" b'staged by the armenians years ago in eastern anatolia and x-soviet' b'armenia is being reenacted again this time in azerbaijan. there are' b'remarkable similarities between the plots, the perpetrators, and the' b'underdogs.' b'' b'blatantly lied and still have not corrected yourself.' b'' b'the goltz article was not published in the sunday times magazine' b'on march but in the guardian sunday section. the story was' b'not filed frim agdam but from london.' b'' b"i'll let the rest of the net judge this on its own merits." b'' b"source: 'the sunday times,' march (a british weekly, written by" b'thomas goltz, from agdam, azerbaijan.)' b'' b'armenian soldiers massacre hundreds of fleeing families.' b'' b'the spiralling violence gripping the outer republics of the former' b'soviet union gained new impetus yesterday with cold-blooded slaughter of' b'hundreds of women and children in war-racked nagorno-karabakh.' b'survivors reported that armenian soldiers shot and bayoneted more' b'than azeris, many of them women and children, who were fleeing an' b'attack on their town. hundreds, possibly thousands, were missing and' b'feared dead.' b'the attackers killed most of the soldiers and volunteers defending' b'the women and children. they then turned their guns on the terrified' b'refugees. the few survivors later described what happened:" that\'s when' b'the real slaughter began," said azer hajiev, one of three soldiers to' b'survive. "the armenians just shot and shot. and then they came in and' b'started carving up people with their bayonets and knives."' b'" they were shooting, shooting, shooting", echoed rasia aslanova, who' b'arrived in agdam with other women and children who made their way through' b'armenian lines. she said her husband, kayun, and a son-in-law were killed' b'in front of her. her daughter was still missing.' b'one boy who arrived in agdam had an ear sliced off.' b'' b'the survivors said others, some of whom had fled separately,' b'were still missing in the gruelling terrain; many could perish from their' b'wounds or the cold.' b'by late yesterday, deaths had been registered at the morgue in' b"agdam's morgue, and bodies had been buried in the cemetery. of the" b'seven corpses i saw awaiting burial, two were children and three were' b'women, one shot through the chest at point blank range.' b'agdam hospital was a scene of carnage and terror. doctors said they' b'had patients who escaped slaughter, most with bullet injuries or deep' b'stab wounds.' b'nor were they safe in agdam. on friday night rockets fell on the city' b'which has a population of destroying several buildings and' b'killing one person.' b'' b'now wait, there is more.' b'' b"it's inhumane to ignore this violence" b'' b'the stories of survivors of karabag massacre:' b'' b'69 year old hatin nine telling:' b'' b"-''my twin grandchildren were cut to pieces in front of my eyes. they told" b"me: we won't kill you. but the babies have to die in front of your eyes.''" b'' b'72 year old huseyin ibrahimoglu:' b'' b"- ''our turkish village in khojalu town was blown up in two hours." b'while killing children and babies mercilessly they said: you are' b"turks, you must die.''" b'' b'28 year old gulsum huseyin:' b'' b"- ''they bayonetted my year old daughter in her stomach in front of" b"my eyes.''" b'' b'are these stories lies? have the eye-witnesses been day-dreaming?' b'were these stories forged by turkish journalists in the region?' b'' b'the nonsense of such a claim is clear from the writings of british' b'journalists, too. two days before we had quoted from a sunday times' b'article. they[british] reported the events in karabag even before' b'turkish journalists. what is more here are the pictures. pictures' b'of people who were bayonetted, whose eyes were gouged, ears cut off.' b'' b'even the armenian radio couldn\'t claim these "lies." they are saying' b'"exaggeration." that means \'\'somethings\'\' have happened but the' b'situation is not as bad as reported. perhaps that village of khojalu' b"town was destroyed in hours, instead of or gulsum huseyin's" b'3 year old daughter was bayonetted in her chest instead of stomach...' b'' b'the massacre is clearly seen with all its dimensions. the effects of' b'this massacre on karabag and environs cannot be reduced by any word.' b'' b"some of the western press', led by some french newspapers, ability" b"to ''close their eyes'' is nothing but complicity in this massacre." b'' b"yesterday we gave samples from le figaro. until yesterday's print" b'no news about the real events in karabag were printed. so were the' b'french tv channels.. the subject they considered related to karabag' b"was ''the necessity of protecting armenians against azeri attacks.''" b'' b'the age we are living in is termed a human rights age. there are lots' b'of organizations such as united nations and csce(conference on security' b'and cooperation in europe), and rules, all designed to fight against human' b'rights violations. international reactions must be made with international' b'cooperation. with support of everybody and every organization claiming' b'to be civilized.' b'' b'could there be a more serious human rights violation than that of the' b'right to live -and with such levels of barbarity and cruelty-? where' b'is the cooperation? where are the reactions? and the intellectuals,' b'journalists, writers, tv stations of certain western countries such' b'as france who are fast to claim leadership of "human rights?"' b'where are you?' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 