b'' b'' b'a few thousand!!!!!!!!' b'' b'yup.' b'' b'yes there are a few thousand left today after years of opression by' b'turkey.' b'' b"i expect better from you, 'mau'. no, i take that back, i don't. the" b'treaty on the exchange of the turkish and greek minorities left' b'no greek minority in turkiye, except a few thousand greeks in istanbul.' b"turkiye is no longer an obstacle for 'pan-hellenism.' although the material" b'basis of greek policy is no longer visible, there is a residue, which' b'seems to unite the pelopenisians, the greeks who came from asia minor,' b'the greeks who are originally from the islands of the marmara sea' b'or those who live in the numerous aegean islands. this residue is' b'also recognizable in the contemporary greek government.' b'' b'as far a greek turkish wars are conserned i find it funny that a' b'so informed turk like you forgot to mention the balkan wars b'' b'not a chance. greece lost in each and every war conducted "solely"' b'between greece and turkiye: in the morea in in thessaly in' b'1897-98, and in anatolia in after the ottoman empire lost' b'world war i, the british landed in a greek army in' b'izmir to exterminate the people of turkiye. are you suffering' b'from a severe case of amnesia? the tired and defeated turks rose up,' b'formed a national force under the leadership of mustafa kemal, and' b'on august they annihilated the bulk of the greek army.' b'' b' turkiye' b" is no longer an obstacle for 'pan-hellenism.' besides, greece lost" b' in each and every war conducted solely between greece and turkiye: in' b' the morea in in thessaly in and in anatolia in b" especially the greek defeat, referred to as 'the tragedy of" b" anatolia' by the greeks, had momentous effects on greek mind and" b' behaviour.' b'' b'i find it curious that a historian like you forgot the wars that' b'demolished the ottoman empire. b'' b"i love people who don't read and then spout myths as evidence. where" b'were greeks in and i guess, they were busy with...' b'' b'greek efforts to decimate the jewish population of salonica' b'culminated in and b'' b'<<those jews who survived these assaults in southeastern europe fled' b'particularly to salonica, whose jewish population increased substantially' b'as a result, from in to in more than half the' b'total population, though even there increased persecution by local greeks' b'led many jews to flee elsewhere in the ottoman empire, particularly to' b'the great port of izmir.' b'' b'despite all the pressure from ottomans and foreign jews alike, the ritual' b'murders and other assaults by christians on jews went on and on. greek' b'efforts to decimate the jewish population of salonica culminated in b'and following greek conquest of salonica during the first balkan war,' b'when many of its jews, were either killed or terrorized into leaving...' b'' b'<<though greece was obligated by the post world war i treaties to allow' b'jews and other minorities to use their own languages in education and to' b'practice their religions without hindrance, a law was issued in b'which forbad all inhabitants from working on sunday, stimulating a new' b'jewish exodus as it was intended to do. between and there was a' b'series of anti-semitic riots in salonica, with the cambel quarter, where' b'most of the remaining jews lived, being burned to the ground. this' b'was followed by regulations requiring the use of greek and prohibiting' b'hebrew and judea-spanish in the jewish schools. a start was made also' b'on expropriating the land of the principal jewish cemetery in salonica' b'for use by the new university in order to derive the jews out by' b'killing and driving out large numbers of jews, the greeks left a' b'substantial greek majority in the city for the first time, and starting' b'salonica jewry on the way to its final decimation by the nazis during the' b'occupation of greece starting in b'' b'salonica and izmir of course were not the only places of refuge for' b'jewish refugees entering the empire during its last century of existence.' b'istanbul, edirne, and other parts of rumelia and anatolia received' b'thousands more. nor were jews the only refugees received and helped by' b'the government of the sultan. thousands of muslims accompanied them in' b'flight from similar persecutions wherever balkan christian states gained' b'independence or expanded. the russian conquest of the crimea and the' b'caucasus starting in the late eighteenth century, and particularly during' b'and after the crimean war, combined with the same independence movements' b'in southeastern europe that had caused so much suffering and flight among' b'its jews caused thousands of helpless, ill, and poverty-stricken muslim' b'refugees to accompany them into the ever shrinking boundaries of the' b'ottoman empire, with the istanbul government struggling mightly but vainly' b'to house and feed them as best it could. from to as many as' b'800,000 crimean tatars, circassians, and other muslims from north and' b'east of the black sea had entered anatolia alone, as many as more' b'came during the next twenty years, while refugees entered in b'1877 as a result of the ottoman wars with russia and the balkan states,' b'with an equal number gaining refuge in the european portions of the' b'empire.' b'' b"[47] robert mantran, 'la structure sociale de la communaute juive de" b"salonqiue a la fin du dix-neuvieme siecle', rh no.534 b'nehama vii, joseph nehama (salonica) to aiu (paris) no.2868/2,' b'12 may (aiu archives i-c-43); and no.2775, january (aiu' b'archives i-c-41), describing daily battles between jewish and greek' b'children in the streets of salonica. benghiat, director of ecole moise' b'allatini, salonica, to aiu (paris), no.7784, december (aiu' b'archives i-c-48), describing greek attacks on jews, boycotts of jewish' b'shops and manufacturers, and greek press campaigns leading to blood libel' b'attacks. cohen, ecole secondaire moise allatini, salonica, to aiu (paris),' b'no.7745/4, december (aiu archives i-c-49) describes a week of terror' b'that followed the greek army occupation of salonica in with the' b'soldiers pillaging the jewish quarters and destroying jewish synagogues,' b"accompanied by what he described as an 'explosion of hatred' by local" b'greek population against local jews and muslims. mizrahi, president of the' b'aiu at salonica, reported to the aiu (paris), no.2704/3, july b"(aiu archives i-c-51) that 'it was not only the irregulars (comitadjis)" b'that massacred, pillaged and burned. the army soldiers, the chief of' b'police, and the high civil officials also took an active part in the' b"horrors...', moise tovi (salonica) to aiu (paris) no.3027 august b'(aiu archives i-c-51) describes the greek pillage of the jewish quarter' b'during the night of august b'' b'(aiu alliance israelite universelle, paris.)' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 