b'' b'' b'elias davidsson writes...' b'' b'' b'ed the following are quotations from zionist leaders. they appear in' b'ed numerous scholarly works dealing with the palestine question. i urge those' b'ed who have access to original sources, to verify the authenticity of the' b'ed source and post here their finding, adhering to the truth whatever it be.' b'' b'it is your responsibility for posting quotes in context. your' b"phony 'research center' is the source of the most unscholarly," b'out-of-context, agenda-ridden, and sophmoric propaganda that i' b"have ever seen. don't believe me, folks? let's take a little" b"stroll through a few of elias davidsson's contributions to our" b'understanding of the middle east.' b'' b'ed quotations from zionist leaders' b'' b'ed "there was no such thing as palestinians"' b'ed (golda meir, prime minister of israel, london sunday' b'ed times, june b'' b'and what do suggest that she meant by this? do you think she' b"meant that the palestinians don't exist? or does it actually" b"mean that the people who self-identify as 'palestinians,' did" b'not appear to be a distinct ethnic group in the eyes of golda' b'meir?' b'' b'' b'ed "there is, however, a difficulty from which the zionist' b'ed dares not avert his eyes, though he rarely likes to face it.' b'ed palestine proper has already its inhabitants."' b'ed (israel zangwill, the voice of jerusalem, london b'ed p.88)' b'' b'when this was written, seventy three years ago, the people of' b'the region were not all jews. they are not all jews now. no' b'jew but the most rabid bigot has ever called for an israel to' b'be only for jews. that was true then. it is true now.' b'' b'' b'ed "[the palestinians are] beasts walking on two legs."' b'ed (menachem begin, prime minister of israel in a speech to' b'ed the knesset,' b'ed quoted in amnon kapeliouk, \'begin and the "beasts", new' b'ed statesman, june b'' b"since you inserted the words 'the palestinians are' we cannot" b'know what begin was talking about.' b'' b'for someone who wants to embellish his own importance with an' b"absurd pseudo-organizational name like the 'center for policy" b"research,' you are not a very honest person." b'' b'' b'ed "both the process of expropriation [of the palestinians]' b'ed and the removal of the poor must be carried out' b'ed discreetly and circumspectly".' b'ed (dr. theodor herzl, the complete diaries, herzl press,' b'ed i., p.88)' b'' b'herzl died eighty nine years ago. are you suggesting that he' b"has stated what is israel's policy today? have you ever seen" b'israel even entertain a policy to exclude non-jews, let alone' b'actually try to remove non-jews from israel? if you actually' b"believe that this quote has anything to do with israel's non-" b'jewish citizenry today, you are an idiot. but if you realize' b'that israel has no intention of removing non-jewish israelis,' b'then you are nothing but a common liar. this one time i will' b'give you the benefit of the doubt, and assume you are stupid.' b'' b'' b'ed "we shall try to spirit the penniless population [the' b'ed palestinians] across the border by procuring employment' b'ed for it in the transit countries, while denying it any' b'ed employment in our own country"' b'ed (theodor herzl, the complete diaries, herzl press, b'ed i, p.88)' b'' b'once again you quote a man gone for almost a century. you do' b'so within the context of modern day israel.' b'' b'thomas jefferson owned slaves. how does this fact define the' b'united states today?' b'' b'' b'ed "[jews] must expel arabs and take their place"' b'ed (david ben gurion, quoted in shabtai teveth, ben' b'ed gurion and the palestine arabs, oxford university press,' b'ed p. b'' b"did he say 'jews,' or did you add this?" b'' b'this was also a statement from ten years before israel became' b'a state. it has no bearing on israel.' b'' b'' b'ed "we must do everything to ensure they [the' b'ed palestinian refugees] never do return"' b'ed (david ben gurion, in his diary, july quoted in' b'ed michael bar zohar, ben gurion: the armed prophet,' b'ed prentice-hall, p.157)' b'' b"you added the words 'the palestinian refugees.' and by doing" b'so, you are misleading people into believing that ben gurion,' b'who was expressing his hope that people who fled their lands,' b'at the encouragement of people such as king abdullah, and the' b'mufti of jerusalem, was gloating over people abandoning their' b'homes. what he was refering to were the arabs with whom jews' b'were at war.' b'' b'ed "the country was mostly an empty desert, with only' b'ed a few islands of arab settlement"' b"ed (shimon peres, minister of defense, quoted in david's" b'ed sling: the arming of israel, weidenfeld and nicholson,' b'ed p.249)' b'' b'at the time of the rebirth of israel this was certainly true,' b'especially when compared to what israel has accomplished in a' b'few short decades.' b'' b'' b'ed "all this story about the danger of extermination [of' b'ed jews] has been blown up....to justify the annexation of' b'ed new arab territories"' b'ed (mordechai bentov, israeli cabinet minister, al' b'ed hamishmar, april b'' b'since israel has not annexed even one millimeter of territory' b'in more twenty six years, this quote is irrelevant.' b'' b'' b'ed "neither jewish ethics nor jewish tradition can' b'ed disqualify terrorism as a means of combat"' b'ed (yitzhak shamir, hehazit, summer [journal of the' b'ed lehi, the stern gang], translated from the israeli daily' b'ed al-hamishmar, december b'' b'again, you are quoting a man who was fighting for what he had' b'been promised from a time as ancient as biblical, to the time' b'of the balfour declaration, just a few short years back. and' b"what was thought of and described as terrorism by jews didn't" b'include slaughtering olympic athletes, brutally murdering the' b'innocent, attacking school buses, and murdering another human' b'being for the sole reason that he or she is an arab.' b'' b'' b'ed "the domination of jewish agriculture by arab' b'ed workers is a cancer in our body"' b"ed (a. uzan, israeli minister of agriculture, ha'aretz, b'ed december b'' b'there were serious concerns about a work force that consisted' b'of people from outside israel. it is a wise to be concerned.' b'a work force consisting of foreigners is not a good situation' b'for a country.' b'' b'' b'ed "there can be only one national home in palestine,' b'ed and that a jewish one, and no equality in the partnership' b'ed between jews and arabs"' b'ed (montague david eder, president of the zionist' b'ed federation of great britain, b'ed in doreen ingrams, comp., palestine papers b'ed seeds of conflict, george braziller, p. b'' b'this also has no meaning for a country formed seventeen years' b'after this statement was made. obviously times change. this' b'is not what israel is about today. i believe the peace talks' b'make this quote irrelevant.' b'' b'' b'ed "there is not a single jewish village in this country' b'ed that has not been built on the site of an arab village"' b"ed (moshe dayan, ha'aretz, april b'' b'this is completely false.' b'' b'' b'ed "some people talk of expelling to b'ed arabs in the event of a new war, and instruments have' b'ed been prepared"' b'ed (aharon yariv, former chief of israeli military' b'ed intelligence, inquiry, december b'' b'expelled from where? israel? the occupied territories? new' b'jersey? is there any way we can read this and get an idea as' b'to what on earth he was talking about. obviously not.' b'' b'' b'ed "we should there [in palestine] form a portion of the' b'ed rampart of europe against asia, an outpost of civilization' b'ed as opposed to barbarism."' b'ed (dr. theodor herzl, the jewish state, london, p.' b'ed b'' b'interesting notion. considering that this was written nearly' b'a century ago, it is quite visionary.' b'' b'' b'ed "i deeply believe in launching preventive war' b'ed against the arab states without further hesitation. by' b'ed doing so we will achieve two targets: firstly, the' b'ed annihilation of arab power; and secondly, the expansion' b'ed of our territory"' b'ed (menachem begin, in a speech to the knesset, october' b'ed b'' b'this was said nearly forty years ago. begin is dead. and it' b'should be obvious to anybody that if israel was expansionist,' b'it would have annexed the occupied territories right after it' b'captured them. israel would not be negotiating to get rid of' b'them.' b'' b'' b'ed "during the last years our people have been in a' b'ed process of building up the country and the nation, of' b'ed expansion, of getting additional jews and additional' b'ed settlements in order to expand the borders here. let no' b'ed jew say that the process has ended. let no jew say that' b'ed we are near the end of the road."' b"ed (moshe dayan, ma'ariv, july b'' b"he's dead, too. and since israel has not annexed any land at" b'all since you are once again wasting bandwidth with all' b'of these misleading quotes. they are so out of sync with the' b'reality of israel, that you do nothing but make yourself look' b'like a fanatic desperate to sway people, by misleading them.' b'' b'' b'ed "let us not today fling accusations at the [palestinian' b'ed arab] murderers. who are we that we should argue' b'ed against their hatred for eight years now they sit in' b'ed their refugee camps in gaza, and before their very eyes,' b'ed we turn into our homestead the land and the villages in' b'ed which they and their forefathers have lived. we are a' b'ed generation of settlers, and without the steel helmet and' b'ed the cannon we cannot plant a tree and build a home. let' b'ed us not shrink back when we see the hatred fermenting' b'ed and filling the lives of hundreds of thousands of arabs,' b'ed who sit all around us. let us not avert our gaze, so that' b'ed our hand shall not slip. this is the fate of our generation,' b'ed the choice of our life to be prepared and armed, strong' b'ed and tough or otherwise, the sword will slip from our' b'ed first, and our life will be snuffed out."' b'ed (moshe dayan, eulogy of roy rutenberg at kibbutz nahal' b'ed oz, quoted in uri avneri, israel without zionists,' b'collier books, macmillan, new york, p.154)' b'' b"interesting quote. it's true that we should never lose sight" b'of the plight of these people. we should also recognize that' b'this quote preceded the disgusting wave of arab terrorism and' b'violence directed at innocent people, that began in with' b'the massacre of the israeli athletes in munich, and continues' b'to this day.' b'' b'if your ability to obscure was the equal of your desire to do' b'so, truthseekers in this group would have a problem. but you' b'are an easily recognized fanatic, whose stream of misleading,' b'partial, and out-of-context quotes are totally unfettered by' b'the burden of truth.' b'' b'' 