b'' b'|' b'| there are arabs in cabinet but look how long it took and to what' b'| insignificant positions they are assigned! and this is based solely' b'| on race not political belief or security as jewish members of the' b'| same party have always been welcome just not their fellow arabs.' b'|' b'| first of all, the arab standing in any party, or as any party, is solely' b'| dependent upon the amount of political power they can wield effectively.' b'|' b'| it is not a question of an individuals standing. when a party puts up an' b'| arab for a cabinet post and that arab is rejected but the position is given' b'| to a jew from the same party we are not talking about power but racism.' b'| would you care to deny this has happened on several occasions with labour' b'| coalitions?' b'' b'please cite specific examples where an arab party member was rejected' b'while a jewish party member was accepted. if you examine these i am' b'sure you will discover that the arab party member did not have the power' b'base that his jewish counterpart had. the party structure in israel' b'has changed quite a bit insofar as knesset member elections go. knesset' b'members for most parties are now elected via primaries. the top standing' b'members end up with cabinet posts. this is purely a political power' b'issue. check the ranking of arab labor party members, as opposed' b'to jewsih members and let me know which posts are held by jews that' b'ranked lower in the party than their arab fellow electees.' b'' b'once again, if for arguments sake, all the arab israelis were to vote' b'for labor at the next election, you can rest assured that the number of' b'arab mks and cabinet members would increase proportionately to the' b'power shift.' b'' b'| not their party them as *individuals*. even when they belong to nice' b'| peaceful zionist mainstream parties they are not welcome. arabs are' b'| excluded on ficitious security grounds which are just an excuse. it' b'| sure looks like racism to me.' b'' b'you are overlooking the fact that they wield political power' b'as individuals based upon a wider collective power base.' b'' b'| arabs are excluded from cabinet, even when they do the things you' b'| suggest, because they are arabs. unless of course you have a better' b'| reason? i am happy to listen to any good reason why a leftist jew' b'| is less of a security risk than a leftist arab from the same party.' b'| look at the present cabinet.' b'' b'the reasoning i see at work is purely political. as far as security' b'goes i think that some serious gaffs were made by right wing jews' b'as well e.g. sharon.' b'' b'--' b'shai guday stealth bombers,' b'os software engineer b'thinking machines corp. |\tthe winged ninja of the skies.' b'cambridge, ma 