b'' b'' b'i like what mr. joseph biden had to say yesterday in the senate.' b'' b'condemening the european lack of action and lack of support to us plans' b'and calling that "moral rape".' b'' b'he went on to say that the reason for that is "out right religious bigotry"' b'' b"parts of sen. biden's statement were quoted by the washington post today:" b'' b'let me put it plainly, mr. secretary. you are required to speak' b'diplomatically; i am not. i cannot even begin to express to you' b'my contempt for a european policy that is now asking us to' b'participate in what amounts to a codification of the serbian victory.' b'...' b'what you have encountered is a discouraging mosaic of indifference,' b'timidity, self-delusion and hypocrisy.' b'...' b'after they held our coats on kuwait and somalia, they are asking us' b'to put in a few thousand troops on the ground in order to have the' b"right to speak and in order to implement their new idea of 'safe" b"havens' for the bosnians..." b"let's not mince words. european policy is based on cultural and" b"religious indifference, if not bigotry. and i think it's fair to say" b'that this would be an entirely different situation if the muslims' b'were doing what the serbs have done, if this was muslim aggression' b'instead of serbian aggression.' b'' b'too bad the washington post did not include his next sentence, which' b'pointed out that a consequence of such policy is a rising anger' b'within the islamic world, the consequences of which we cannot begin' b'to predict. later, biden told a reporter why he spoke out:' b'' b'i think someone has to respond to europe to make it clear' b'this is a big deal... so they will understand.' b'' b'and it is a big deal. by refusing the fundamental human right of' b'self-defense to bosnia-herzegovina, europe and the world have' b'aided the serbian aggression. moreover, the arms embargo has' b'forced a situation in which bosnian serbs have times more heavy' b'weaponry than bosnian croats and muslims combined. under such' b'conditions, it is very easy for serbs to play a "divide-and-conquer"' b'game, and to get the muslims and croats (who have strong common' b'interests and who were allied against the serbian aggression)' b'to start fighting each other, which leads to their mutual catastrophe.' b'' b'one final quote: u.s. secretary of state, warren christopher, has' b'said in rome last week that "in practice, the embargo had the opposite' b'effect intended. it made aggression certain."' b'' b'all diplomats who deluded themselves that they could negotiate peace' b'while enforcing a imbalance of power on the ground have contributed' b'to this tragedy.' b'' b'' b'sincerely,' b'-josip' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' 