b'' b'' b'the enemy within' b'~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~' b'by robert i. friedman' b'the village voice, may vol. xxxviii no. b'' b'| how the anti-defamation league turned the notion b'| of human rights on its head, spying on progress- b'| ives and funneling information to law enforcement b'' b'' b'roy bullock wanted to be a spy since he was a teenager in indiana and' b'read "i led three lives," herbert philbrick\'s cold war saga of' b'penetrating the communist party for the fbi. philbrick had become an' b'american folk hero in the 1950s for building dossiers on unsuspecting' b'colleagues. it was a time when hollywood produced more than films' b'portraying the informer as the quintessential american patriot. in' b'boston, where philbrick led three lives as an fbi informant, communist' b'party member, and private citizen, the mayor even proclaimed a herbert' b'philbrick day and presented the spy with a plaque.' b'' b'for bullock, a shy young man who was coming to terms with his' b"homosexuality in the straight-arrow '50s, the life of a double agent" b'was the perfect way to hide his lifestyle while fighting the communist' b'menace.' b'' b'"i was fascinated with herbert philbrick," bullock recently told' b'federal investigators, "and so i thought i would try to infiltrate the' b'communist part. in i went to the sixth world youth and student' b'festival in moscow with the american delegation. i gave them [the fbi' b'a full report on it when i returned, along with some photos i took of' b'some soviet military vehicles."' b'' b'bullock was hooked. for the next two years, he worked as an unpaid' b'informant for the fbi. but he found his true calling when he became a' b'paid spy for the anti-defamation league in now his activities' b'are at the center of the biggest domestic spy scandal in recent' b"american history a scandal that may end with the adl's criminal" b'indictment in san francisco.' b'' b'over a 30-year period, he compiled computer files for the adl on b'individuals and more than groups of all political stripes,' b'including the naacp, the rainbow coalition, aclu, the american indian' b'movement, the center for investigative reporting, pacifica, act up,' b'palestinian and arab groups, sandinista solidarity groups, americans' b'for peace now, and anti-apartheid organizations. bullock, who even' b'spied on the recently slain south african nationalist chris hani when' b'he visited the bay area in april sold many of his adl files on' b'anti-apartheid activists to south african intelligence. meanwhile,' b'between and the adl paid him nearly using a' b'prominent beverly hills attorney as a conduit in order to conceal its' b'financial relationship with bullock.' b'' b'last month, police raided adl offices in los angeles and san' b"francisco, as well as bullock's home, confiscating computer files and" b"boxes of documents. according to court records, bullock's files" b"contained the driver's license and vehicle registration information," b'in addition to criminal histories on individuals much of which was' b'allegedly stolen from the fbi and police computers. bullock, told' b'the fbi that copies of virtually everything in his computer data base' b'had been given to the san francisco adl office. "based on the' b'evidence," says inspector ron roth, in a police affidavit, "i believe' b'that roy bullock and adl had numerous peace officers supplying them' b'with confidential criminal and dmv information."' b'' b"what's more, the san francisco d.a. is investigating bullock for" b'tapping phones, accessing answering machines, and assuming false' b'identities to infiltrate organizations. documents seized from' b"bullock's home also contained evidence of his forays into bay area" b'trash cans: he had the names and phone numbers of employees at the' b'christic institute in san francisco, as well as telephone message' b'slips to staff members (including names and phone numbers of callers),' b'office correspondence listing the names and return addresses of the' b'senders, and inter-office memos. he also had receipts from christic' b"institute's bank accounts at wells fargo and eureka federal savings," b'as well as itemized canceled checks with the names of the payees, the' b'dates, and amounts. bullock even knew the balance in the christic' b"institute's checking account." b'' b'investigations by the fbi and police in san francisco have revealed' b'that the adl has shared at least some of its spy gathering material' b"with israeli government officials. what's more, israel apparently used" b'tips from the adl to detain palestinian americans who travelled there.' b'' b'* b'' b'the adl was established in new york city in to defend jews, and' b'later other minority groups, from discrimination. it led the fight' b'against racist and fascist groups like the ku klux klan and the' b'american nazi party, and in the 1960s championed the civil rights' b'movement.' b'' b'but there was also a darker side. in the late 1940s, the adl spied on' b'leftists and communists, and shared investigative files with the house' b'committee on un-american activities and the fbi. the adl swung' b'sharply to the right during the reagan administration, becoming a' b'bastion of neoconservatism. to irwin suall, a repentant trotskyite' b"who heads the adl's powerful fact finding department, the real danger" b'to jews is posed not by the right but by a coalition of leftists,' b'blacks, and arabs, who in his view threaten the fabric of democracy in' b'america, as well as the state of israel. in the tradition of his' b"ideological soulmate william casey, suall directed the adl's vast" b'network of informants, who were given code names like "scumbag,"' b'"ironside," and for a spy reportedly posing as a priest in atlanta' b'-- "flipper."' b'' b'for years, journalists and liberal members of the jewish community' b'knew the adl spied on right-wing hate groups. as long as the targets' b'were anti-semitic organizations like the liberty lobby and lyndon' b'larouche, no one seemed to be particularly troubled. but the bullock' b'case reveals that the adl also spied on groups that have a nonviolent,' b'and progressive orientation. this apparent massive violation of civil' b"liberties may end with the adl's criminal indictment in san francisco," b'where the investigation began. the human rights group faces possible' b'criminal prosecution on as many as felony counts, including an' b'indictment for gaining illegal access to police computers. says one' b'source close to the west coast investigation, "it is per cent' b'certain that the adl will be indicted."' b'' b'in the wake of the san francisco investigation, police probes of adl' b'spying are spreading to other parts of the country. "we have received' b'numerous complaints about adl [spying]," says sam adams, a' b"spokesperson for the mayor's office in portland, oregon." b'' b'on april the harlem-based black united fund of new york, and' b'african american self-help group that bullock allegedly spied on,' b'wrote district attorney robert morgenthau, requesting "an immediate' b'investigation" of the adl. "the adl\'s actions cause great concern, as' b'it is a direct and flagrant violation at minimum of our civil' b'rights....we call upon you to join with the district attorney of san' b'francisco to...bring and end to this latest form of mccarthyism."' b'' b'gerald mckelvey, a spokesperson for morgenthau\'s office, says, "we' b'have no evidence before us that warrants any sort of investigation."' b'mckelvey adds that morgenthau offered to assist the fbi and the san' b'francisco d.a.\'s office on their pending investigation. "they have' b'not, so far, asked for our assistance."' b'' b'the adl acknowledges sharing information on violence-prone groups with' b'law enforcement officials. it also admits to maintaining extensive' b'files on a wide variety of organizations, but says, in a two-page' b'press release, "the vast majority of adl\'s files are composed of news' b'clips, magazine articles, books, journals, and other documents...."' b'' b'"adl has made it clear that it does not and will not countenance' b'violations of the law on the part of anyone connected with the agency,' b'and the process by which the league gathers information is presently' b'under review to insure that no laws are being violated."' b'' b"that's what the adl says for public consumption. but morale is so low" b'that its employees complain of sleepless nights and crying fits. and' b'even as other jewish groups circle the wagons around the adl in a show' b'of solidarity, many do so holding their noses. more than a few jewish' b'officials privately say the adl has to decide whether it is a human' b'rights group or a secret police agency.' b'' b'"the adl is regarded both inside the jewish community and outside the' b'jewish community as the definitive source of information on anti-' b'semitism and extremist groups," says daniel levitas, the former' b'executive director of the center for democratic renewal, an atlanta-' b'based group that monitors anti-semitism, racism, and hate groups.' b'"one of the things this scandal has done is that it has completely' b"tainted the adl's credibility and reputation with regard to its" b'objectivity. this scandal is going to be a devastating blow to the' b'jewish community at large because people regard the adl as synonymous' b'with american jewry."' b'' b'* b'' b"bullock's talents as a snoop and his extreme conservatism meshed well" b"with the adl's cold war worldview. in he moved to southern" b'california where he became an adl spy for a week. bullock' b'almost always used his real name when snooping, although he once' b'called himself elmer fink when corresponding with supporters of' b"alabama governor george wallace. bullock provided the adl's office in" b'los angeles with written reports, which were transmitted to fact' b'finding department head irwin suall, according to court records.' b"under suall's stewardship, fact finding department had become the" b"adl's heart and soul. located at adl national headquarters across" b'from the united nations, the department had assembled a vast library' b'on "hate groups," culling material from publications, speeches, and' b'informants reports.' b'' b'bullock was more than adept at leading a double life. not long after' b'moving to california, he ingratiated himself with a woman in the john' b"birch society who helped him gain access to the group's boston office." b'there, he found a file the right-wingers were keeping on the adl. the' b'discovery gave rise to speculation in the adl new york office that' b'they had somehow been penetrated by the birchers.' b'' b'bullock focused almost exclusively on right-wing extremist groups' b'until the early 1970s when adl l.a. head milton sinn was replaced by' b'harvey schechter, who encouraged him to target the left as well. a' b'few years later, bullock moved to the castro district in san francisco' b'where he posed as an art dealer. and adl fact finder who had' b'infiltrated the local arab community had just been exposed. when the' b'ensuing scandal died down, bullock was ordered by the adl to penetrate' b'the arabs.' b'' b'the adl was especially concerned about the american-arab anti-' b'discrimination committee, founded by the former south dakota senator' b"james abourezk to combat arab-bashing. in a page out of the cia's" b'dirty tricks handbook on penetration and destabilization, bullock' b'joined the adc, and then recruited nazis into the group, apparently' b'trying to discredit it, according to published reports.' b'' b'in the adl sent bullock to attend the national association of' b'arab americans annual congress in washington. according to court' b"documents, bullock was told to find the source of the group's funds." b'bullock was unable to "follow the money." but he did such a good job' b'at ingratiating himself that he was appointed to head a naaa' b'delegation that visited congress member nancy pelosi.' b'' b"it's not surprising that the adl penetrated arab organizations. but" b'only acute paranoia explains their interest in groups like act up. as' b'far as bullock was concerned, gay groups in san francisco were heavily' b'infiltrated by what he called "gay left revolutionaries," prompting' b'him to write about their activities for the adl.' b'' b'bullock soon expanded his horizons, moving into the shadowy realm of' b"foreign espionage after richard hirschhaut, the head of adl's san" b'francisco office, introduced him to thomas gerard in gerard was' b"then a detective with the san francisco police department's" b'intelligence unit. gerard had worked as a demolitions expert for the' b'cia in el salvador in the early 1980s, where he apparently had more' b'than a passing interest in right-wing death squads. (police searching' b"gerard's briefcase found extensive cia literature about torture and" b'interrogation, photos of blindfolded and chained men, as well as' b'passports made out to gerard in different names, including thomas' b'clouseau. from a remote jungle island redoubt in the philippines' b'where he fled last november, gerard told the los angeles times that he' b"will blow the lid off the cia's involvement with latin american death" b'squads if he is indicted in the adl spy case.)' b'' b'after their very first encounter in the adl office, gerard and bullock' b'had lunch at mcdonald\'s, "i liked tom right off," bullock later told a' b'san francisco police investigator whose report of the interrogation' b'was obtained by the _voice_. "tom is a very charming, roguish' b'character, with a great deal of integrity. let me say here, i' b"consider tom gerard one of the finest policemen i've ever worked" b'with, absolutely. honest, capable, intelligent and percent' b'american."' b'' b'before long, bullock was providing gerard with confidential adl' b'reports on various groups and individuals. in turn, gerard gave' b'bullock classified police intelligence files on local arab americans,' b"skinheads, and others. bullock told the fbi that gerard's material" b'ended up in his adl reports. "i would say percent of the data that' b'i got was name, address, and sometimes physical description. criminal' b'history, very rarely," bullock told investigators. gerard also gave' b'bullock a chart that outlined a vast network of bay area arab american' b'businessmen and organizations that allegedly has ties to middle east' b'terror groups, as well as surveillance photos of arab americans' b'receiving weapons training overseas. bullock claims that u.s. customs' b'in new york gave gerard the photos. "it was understood that bullock' b'would be very careful with what he did with the information gerard' b'gave him, and that bullock would not release it except to the adl or' b'other law enforcement officers," says an fbi report.' b'' b"there was nothing unusual about bullock's cozy relationship with law" b'enforcement. by the mid-1980s, the adl was swapping files with' b'hundreds of "official friends," the organization\'s euphemism for u.s.' b"law enforcement and intelligence sources. the adl's relationship with" b"the fbi's counterterrorism office was so close that adl's reports on" b'arab american group\'s covert ties to middle east terrorists were "must' b'reading."' b'' b"it's no accident that police found a classified fbi report" b'entitled "popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp)--new' b'york area" while searching the adl\'s san francisco office. in b'adl spooks investigated seven palestinians and a kenyan studying in' b'california universities on student visas. when the adl discovered' b'they were disseminating pflp literature, it informed the fbi, which in' b'turn took the case to the immigration and naturalization service.' b'after the ins ordered the students deported as subversives, adl' b'regional director david lehrer gloated in the _los angeles times_' b"about his office's cooperation with law enforcement, although he's" b'backpedaling now. the "los angeles deportation is still under' b'appeal.' b'' b'* b'' b"while the adl worked quietly with america's top cops, it enjoyed" b"similar ties with israel's spy agencies a charge that adl leaders" b'vehemently deny. but as early as july adl director benjamin' b"epstein wrote to b'nai b'rith executive secretary saul joftes," b'requesting for his investigators. "our information," he' b'boasted to joftes, "in addition to being essential for our own' b'operations, has been of great value and service to both the united' b'states department and the israeli government. all data have been made' b'available to both countries with full knowledge to each that we are' b'the source."' b'' b'in the adl came under fbi scrutiny in the wake of the pollard' b"spy scandal. while assigned to the navy's anti-terrorist alert" b'center, where he had access to the most closely guarded u.s. secrets,' b'jonathan pollard stole thousands of pages of classified documents for' b'israel, which, according to federal prosecutors, "could fill a room' b'the size of a large closet...ten feet by six feet by six feet."' b"pollard's handler was avi sella, an israeli air force colonel whose" b'wife worked for the new york adl as a lawyer. pollard later wrote to' b'friends that a prominent adl leader was deeply involved in the israeli' b'spy operation.' b'' b'while there is no proof that anyone connected with the adl was' b'involved with pollard, there is evidence that the adl freely passes' b'information to israeli intelligence. in march the fbi' b'interrogated david gurvitz, an adl fact finder in los angeles until' b'1992 when he was fired by suall for illegally obtaining police' b'information to use against a rival at the simon wiesenthal center.' b'the fbi pointedly asked gurvitz if he had ever transmitted information' b'to israel. gurvitz admitted that in he had learned from a law' b'enforcement contact that michael elias, allegedly a member of a' b'radical plo faction, was scheduled to travel from san francisco' b'international airport en route to haifa. gurvitz phoned the deputy' b'israeli consul general in l.a. with the information. "later the same' b'day," according to a 15-page fbi interview of gurvitz obtained by the' b'_voice_, "gurvitz was called back by another man, who said he was from' b'the israeli consulate, and who asked gurvitz to repeat the information' b"about elias. gurvitz did not get this man's name, but their" b'conversation was in hebrew so gurvitz felt confident the man was' b'actually an israeli consulate official."' b'' b'among the names of private citizens that police found in adl' b'files in san francisco was mohammed jarad, a 36-year-old chicago' b'resident who was arrested in israel on january for allegedly' b'distributing hundreds of thousands of dollars to hamas, the large' b'islamic fundamentalist movement in the occupied territories. the' b'chicago adl office runs at least three undercover informants who work' b'with "official friends" in local law enforcement, according to' b'documents released by the san francisco d.a. and sources close to the' b'adl. given these facts, arab american groups surmise that the adl has' b'passed information on jarad to israeli intelligence.' b'' b'one technique used by the adl to monitor the large arab american' b'community in the midwest was to scan the local arab press for funeral' b'notices. according to sources familiar with the practice, adl' b'investigators in unmarked vans videotaped the palestinian funerals,' b'which sometimes turned into plo rallies. palestinians have been' b'detained at ben-gurion airport simply on the basis of having been' b'filmed attending a funeral in chicago, according to suhail miari, the' b'executive director of the united holy land fund, whose cousin was an' b"arab member of israel's knesset." b'' b'shortly after jarad was arrested, the israeli government announced' b'that hamas was being run from america with money and operational' b"instructions relayed by courier or fax. israel's charges were played" b'up on the front page of _the new york times_. according to well-' b'placed sources, yehudit barsky, an adl fact finder in new york, worked' b'closely with israeli officials on this campaign of vilification,' b'introducing "friendly" reporters to "official friends" in chicago law' b'enforcement.' b'' b'barsky, who is fluent in arabic, prepared an adl report about how' b'hamas is funded in america. she identified the dallas-based islamic' b'association for palestine in north america as the front organization' b'for hamas in the u.s.a. "its infrastructure functions as an' b'interlocking network of organizations, small businesses, and' b'individual activists," says the february adl report, which' b"outlines the organization's development, its activities on u.s." b'college campuses, and its "metamorphosis" during the gulf war. it' b'also traces hamas fundraising through a plethora of alleged front-' b'groups from plainfield, indiana, to culver city, california. it is' b'doubtful that barsky could have compiled such sophisticated data' b'without the help of "official friends" and adl spies.' b'' b'barsky refused to comment. but she used to talk to greg slabodkin as' b'many as three times a week when he was an opposition researcher for' b'aipac, whose spy operation was disclosed last summer in the _voice_.' b'"the level of cooperation was very close," slabodkin said during a' b'recent phone conservation from israel where he is in graduate school.' b'"if we felt our files were lacking, we contacted the adl."' b'' b"when sha'wan jabarin, a 30-year-old palestinian human rights worker in" b'the occupied territories won a reebok human rights award in' b"1990, slabodkin recalls that barsky faxed aipac the man's entire" b'police file, which she had obtained from the israeli embassy. jabarin' b'had been arrested numerous times in israel, and once confessed to' b'being a member of the plo after having been severely tortured.' b'jabarin, who received a short jail term, became an amnesty' b'international prisoner of conscience. of course, to aipac and the' b'adl, jabarin was a terrorist. slabodkin, who was ordered to keep tabs' b'on him when he was in the u.s. to receive his award, called a' b'representative of al haq, the palestinian human rights group that' b'employed jabarin, to obtain his itinerary. aipac even opened a file' b'on musician jackson browne, who presented jabarin with the reebok' b'award.' b'' b'while the adl may be able to rationalize its close monitoring of' b'arabs, and even left-wing gay revolutionaries, it has a far harder' b'time explaining its obsession with spying on anti-apartheid activists.' b'david gurvitz told the fbi that when he started working as a fact' b'finder for the adl in l.a. in march adl files already bulged' b'with information about the israel-south african connection and anti-' b'apartheid groups. "gurvitz confirmed that the adl did routinely' b'collect information on persons engaged in anti-apartheid activities in' b'the united states," says the fbi report. while gurvitz said there' b'were files in the l.a. adl office dating to the 1930s, he estimated' b'the oldest material on anti-apartheid activities dates back to the' b"late 1970s, paralleling begin's rise to power in israel and a" b'deepening of ties between the jewish state and south africa. "in' b'about august, says the report of the fbi\'s march b'interview with gurvitz, "an anti-apartheid demonstration was held at' b'the south african consulate in los angeles. participating in the' b'demonstration were the los angeles student coalition and the socialist' b'workers party. gurvitz went to two demonstration planning sessions,' b'and a subsequent demonstration. he wrote a report for the adl on each' b'of the planning sessions and on the demonstration. copies of the' b'reports were disseminated to bullock, among others, in care of the san' b'francisco adl office."' b'' b'in bullock learned that the consul general of the south african' b'consulate in los angeles would be speaking in las vegas at a meeting' b'organized by willis carto, the head of the anti-semitic liberty lobby.' b'"suspecting that the consul general did not know who willis carto is,"' b'says the fbi report, "bullock suggested to gerard that they might want' b'to warn the south africans. gerard agreed and informed the consul' b'general, who canceled his appearance."' b'' b'a few months later, gerard phoned bullock and told him a south african' b'intelligence officer wanted to meet them. during a rendezvous in a' b"hotel near fisherman's wharf, the south african said he was interested" b'in acquiring information on american anti-apartheid activists. the' b'south african, who called himself mr. humphries, also asked for' b'information about groups that were advocating divestments. "gerard,' b'who was present throughout the meeting," says the fbi report, "told' b'humphries that he [gerard] had been employed by the cia....humphries' b'offered to pay bullock per month in exchange for information.' b'bullock noted that much of the information humphries said he wanted' b'was already in the possession of bullock and the adl."' b'' b'between and bullock sold information to south african' b'intelligence, receiving steady raises, which he split evenly with' b'gerard. "bullock said it was his impression, though gerard never' b'explicitly told him so, (and bullock never asked) that gerard may have' b"been telling the cia about his and bullock's contacts with the south" b'africans," says the fbi report. "gerard had said he knew the cia' b"'resident agent' in san francisco....once, after gerard dropped" b"bullock off at bullock's residence following a meeting with louie [who" b'replaced humphries as their handler], gerard said he was going to go' b'to the san francisco cia office."' b'' b'al the while, gerard may have been "tasking" bullock for the cia.' b'"bullock recalled that once, after he had met gerard, bullock went to' b'chicago, illinois to conduct an investigation on behalf of the adl,"' b'says the fbi report. "the target of the investigation was a group' b'called the palestine human rights campaign. bullock learned that a' b'woman [name deleted] was transporting money between the plo or the' b'pflp, and the united states. bullock told this to gerard. gerard' b"later told bullock that gerard's 'guy at the cia' would like to know" b'more. gerard asked bullock if bullock would go back to chicago to' b'gather more information on the palestine human rights campaign.' b'bullock, however, never did go back."' b'' b'gerard also seems to have had a close relationship with mossad, which' b'may have started in when he went on an adl junket to israel. the' b'adl frequently sponsors trips for american law enforcement officials' b'to israel, where they are wined and dined and meet their counterparts' b'in various intelligence agencies. according to an affidavit by san' b'francisco police inspector roth, the "all-expense paid trip [to' b'israel] was more or less a thank-you gift and a liaison gesture by the' b'adl to continue the close relationships it has with specific law' b'enforcement officers from the united states."' b'' b'gerard may have liked what he saw in israel. a short time after' b"travelling there, he went to addis ababa where he helped with mossad's" b'rescue of ethiopian jews.' b'' b"as gerard's relationship with south africa deepened, he talked more" b'openly about his exploits in the cia. "bullock recalled gerard' b'mentioning that he had been in algeria on cia business, and that' b'gerard discussed the plo and \'safehouses,\'" says the fbi report, "to' b'this louie once responded that israeli intelligence had determined' b'that the plo and the african national congress were cooperating.' b'gerard also spoke of having travelled with the cia to afghanistan....' b'louie also [told gerard and bullock] about his adventures inside south' b"africa as an intelligence officer. both gerard and louie traded 'war" b"stories' and regaled each other and bullock with tales of 'narrow" b'scrapes.\'"' b'' b'although there is still much mystery about what triggered law' b"enforcement's investigation of the adl, it was probably the theft of" b"a classified fbi report on the nation of islam from the fbi's san" b'francisco office. police armed with search warrants recovered the' b'report in the adl san francisco office. gurvitz says he had sent a' b"copy of it to mira boland, the director of the adl's fact finding" b'division in washington, d.c. boland was preparing an op-ed piece for' b'_the washington times_, in which she argued that the nation of islam' b'should not receive federal funds for the reconstruction of l.a.' b'because the group is anti-semitic and violence-prone. (boland, who' b'had arranged the adl police junket to israel attended by gerard,' b'testified in a criminal trial in roanoke, virginia, that she had' b'worked for the cia for months and later was a subcontractor for the' b'defense department before joining the adl. during the trial, boland' b'admitted to sharing information with a cia official at an invitation-' b'only adl conference.)' b'' b'after he was questioned by the fbi last fall, gerard fled to the' b'philippines, which has no extradition treaty with america. gerard is' b'believed to have supplied information from police computers not only' b'to the adl, but to israel and south africa as well. the _san' b'francisco examiner_ reported that gerard may be charged with violating' b'federal espionage laws.' b'' b'although bullock worked for the adl for years, and irwin suall' b'praised him in a july memo as "our number one investigator," the' b'adl now argues that he was a rogue agent. in its own defense, the adl' b'also asserts that its fact finders operate no differently than' b"journalists. after all, ask adl officials, don't journalists keep" b'files?' b'' b"but the difference between the practice of journalism and the adl's" b"method of gathering information couldn't be more striking." b'journalists place information in the public domain where they are held' b'accountable for falsehoods, distortions, and libel. and for the most' b"part, journalists don't share their investigative files with foreign" b'and domestic police agencies. the adl has no such inhibition.' b'because many of its files are not open to public scrutiny, false' b'information collected by ideologically biased researchers cannot be' b'corrected. once a proud human rights group, the adl has become the' b'jewish thought police.' b'' b'"the adl says it\'s a human rights group not just for jews but for' b'everyone," says chip berlet, a highly respected researcher at the' b'massachusetts-based political research associates, which monitors' b'right-wing extremist groups. "that\'s fine but it can\'t do that and' b'spy on palestinians. it\'s blatantly unethical and frankly immoral."' b'' b'"my argument to people is that the adl wears four hats. each of the' b'hats independently is appropriate. it is a broad-based human rights' b'group that looks at the broad issues of prejudice and discrimination.' b'it is a group that defends jews against defamation. entirely noble.' b'nothing wrong with that hat. it is a group, whose leaders, at least,' b'consistently defend the actions of israel against its critics, which' b'again is entirely appropriate. and it is a group that maintains an' b'information-sharing arrangement with law enforcement. again, there is' b'nothing wrong for a group to do that."' b'' b'"but you can\'t do all four. it is impossible to do all four and not' b"violate the bounds of ethics. there's a built-in conflict of interest" b'if you wear all four hats."' b'' b'adl national director abraham foxman apparently sees no such conflict.' b'in a september letter to the _voice_, foxman complained: "adl' b'has a proud 80-year record of fighting bigotry and promoting civil' b'rights and constitutional freedoms. any imputation of an effort or' b'motive on our part to smear or stifle the free speech of anyone is' b'false and baseless"' b'' b'"throughout his pieces [on aipac\'s spying], friedman describes the' b'dissemination of information as if it were slander, and the existence' b'of files as a token of mccarthyite inclination. the depiction is' b'misleading in several ways. virtually every journalist, academic,' b'politician and organization keeps files on subjects they deem' b"relevant; tracing the logic of friedman's reckless charges, the" b'library of congress is tantamount to the kgb. moreover, disseminating' b'the public record of a public figure is neither defamation nor' b'mccarthyism."' b'' b'but many believe the adl is increasingly in the defamation business.' b'ask jesse jackson, james abourezk, or the leaders of the new jewish' b'agenda all past targets of adl smears. (at the same time, the adl' b'exonerated the fascist world anti-communist league, which assisted' b"ronald reagan's covert war against nicaragua, a policy endorsed by adl" b'leaders.)' b'' b'in the early 1980s, researchers russ bellant and berlet asked to meet' b'fact finding head irwin suall, to discuss their work on anti-semite' b'lyndon larouche. "our view then of irwin suall was that he was this' b'really terrific investigator," says berlet. "so we introduce' b'ourselves, say what we are up to and suall leans back in his chair and' b'basically runs down a dossier on each of us: about what our political' b'activities are, who we work with, what organizations we belong to.' b'obviously, he was just trying to blow us away and he succeeds' b'admirably. we were just sitting there with our mouths open feeling' b'very uncomfortable."' b'' b'"and then he leans forward and says, \'the right-wing isn\'t the' b'problem. the left-wing is the problem. the soviet union is the' b"biggest problem in the world for jews. it's the american left that is" b"the biggest threat to american jews. you're on the wrong track." b"you're part of the problem.' we were stunned. i was virtually in" b'tears. this is not how i perceived myself. we basically stumbled out' b'of there in a daze."' b'' b'----------------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b"letters (response to friedman's article)" b'' b'the village voice, may vol. xxxviii no. b'' b'a league of his own' b'' b"robert i. friedman's assault on the anti-defamation league [the anti-" b'defamation league is spying on you." may demonstrates that he has' b'an axe to grind and his own prejudiced and biased agenda to promote.' b'it also demonstrates that concern for accurate reporting is far down' b'on his list. the story is replete with inaccuracies, innuendos, and' b'outright falsehoods, and conveys a picture of adl so divorced from' b'reality as to be farcical. friedman is even wrong on such basic,' b'easily determined facts as where adl was founded (chicago, not new' b"york) and the building in which adl's san francisco office is located" b'(not the jewish community federation building pictured).' b'' b'adl has done the work of fighting haters for years, without' b'"spying" on organizations or individuals and with profound respect for' b'the law. our mission is to monitor and expose those who are anti-' b'jewish, racist, anti-democratic, and violence-prone, and we monitor' b'them primarily by reading publications and attending public meetings.' b'through the years, we have published scores of reports on anti-' b'semitism emanating from both the left and the right. in fact,' b"although friedman's bias leads him to assume the contrary, adl's" b'primary concern is still the far right.' b'' b'because extremist organizations are highly secretive, sometimes adl' b'can learn of their activities only by using undercover sources.' b"friedman's hyperbole notwithstanding, these sources function in a" b'manner directly analogous to investigative journalists. some have' b'performed great service to the american people for example, by' b'uncovering the existence of right-wing extremist paramilitary training' b'camps with no recognition and at considerable personal risk. the' b'information adl obtains is placed in the public domain, and through' b'the years adl has established a reputation for accurate reporting.' b'' b"friedman's article, by contrast, contains so much misinformation that" b'it would take an article equally as long to set the record straight.' b'a few examples: he states that an "adl leader was deeply involved in' b'the [jonathan pollard] israeli spy operation," and that pollard\'s' b'handler\'s wife "worked for the new york adl as a lawyer." not true.' b'friedman also states: "adl investigators in unmarked vans videotaped' b'palestinian funerals." not true. elsewhere, he asserts that adl was' b'obsessed "with spying on anti-apartheid activists." again, not true.' b'we could go on and on and, of course, friedman does not reveal' b'*his* sources.' b'' b'the distortion games friedman plays when he mentions numbers further' b'reveal his lack of objectivity. when it comes to how much adl paid' b'roy bullock a week as an independent contractor, not an employee' b'(an important distinction friedman also fails to make) he includes' b'the zeros inviting the reader to see a large' b'number. by contrast, when he observes that adl paid bullock "nearly' b'$170,000" between and he chooses not to point out that' b'amounts to little more than a year hardly an excessive sum.' b'' b"what is accurate about friedman's story is chip berlet's description" b"of adl's four hats. yes, adl looks at broad issues of prejudice and" b'discrimination. yes, adl defends israel against critics. and yes,' b'adl maintains an information-sharing relationship with law enforcement' b'regarding extremist activities and hate crimes. we see no conflict in' b"these four activities, and we believe most _voice_ readers won't" b'either.' b'' b'abraham foxman' b'national director' b'anti-defamation league' b'manhattan' b'' b'----------------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b'robert i. friedman replies:' b'' b'for the adl to compare itself to investigative journalists is absurd.' b"journalists don't spy on arabs and anti-apartheid activists and then" b'freely pass their files to south african and israeli intelligence.' b'but according to police the confessions of two paid adl investigators,' b'buttressed by pages of court documents and interviews, the adl' b'does. indeed, the adl spies on groups that are neither anti-semitic' b'nor violent. police confiscated adl files on hundreds of mainstream' b'groups ranging from act up to peace now. respected intellectuals and' b"middle east scholars who disagree with the adl's political views have" b'ended up on adl blacklists, their reputations smeared. "private' b'organizations have no business paying operatives inside police' b'departments or having spies," says an april editorial in the _st.' b'louis post-dispatch_, condemning adl spying. on april police' b'armed with search warrants raided adl offices in san francisco and' b'l.a. after concluding that "adl employees were apparently less than' b'truthful" in voluntarily turning over documents during an earlier' b"search, according to san francisco police inspector ron roth's sworn" b'affidavit. roth also asserts that bullock was a "paid employee for' b'the adl." if so, by failing to pay taxes on of income paid' b'to bullock, the adl could face a total of felony counts, according' b'to court papers. the adl may also face felony charges for illegally' b'obtaining confidential information from police computers. as for' b'errors: the adl was founded in chicago, and moved to new york in' b'1947. but it was an original tenant in the san francisco building' b'shown in the _voice_ photo, moving out a few months ago. i never' b'wrote that an "adl leader was deeply involved in the [pollard]' b'israeli spy operation." i reported that pollard himself made the' b"charge. and in court papers, pollard's own lawyer said that the wife" b"of pollard's handler worked for the adl. if i have a bias, it is on" b'the side of the first and fourth amendments.' b'' 