b'' b'date: wed, may gmt' b'(mohamed.s.sadek) writes:' b'' b'i like what mr. joseph biden had to say yesterday in the senate.' b'' b'condemening the european lack of action and lack of support to us plans' b'and calling that "moral rape".' b'' b'he went on to say that the reason for that is "out right religious' b'bigotry"' b'' b'actually, this strife in yugoslavia goes back a long way. bosinan' b'muslims,' b'in collaboration with the nazis, did to serbians after the first world' b'war what serbs are doing to muslims now.' b'' b'this kind of racialist generalization is utterly inappropriate. some' b'bosnian muslims cooperated with the nazis in world war other bosnian' b'muslims risked their lifes to hide jews from the nazis and ustashe, and' b'those jews who survived the war remember that. in fact the jewish leader' b'in sarajevo has remained there saying he wants to repay the debt to the' b'bosnian muslims that saved so many jewish lives in ww2.' b'' b'similarly, some serbs are "doing" to muslims now. this is a group of' b'serial-killers, rapists, and thieves who have control of the vast' b'yugoslav army arsenal. many other serbs oppose these atrocities. as one' b'of serbian heritage who condemns emphatically the genocide being carried' b'out against muslims by both hvo and mladic forces, i condemn your' b'generalization about bosnian muslims and about serbs.' b'' b'' b' this is not a fresh case of' b'ethnic cleansing but just another chapter in the continuing saga' b'of intense mutual hatred, destruction,...' b'' b'every place on earth is the scene of a saga of mutual hatred and' b'destruction. the holocaust was not a "fresh case." it was another' b"chapter in a year history of attacks on jews in europe. that didn't" b'make it acceptable. and balkan history does not make the genocide against' b'bosnian muslims acceptable.' b'' b'not taking sides in this' b'perpetual war does not amount to religious bigotry.' b'' b'standing by and allowing well-armed criminals to slaughter bosnian muslim' b'civilians, while enforcing an arms embargo against the bosnian muslims is' b'not only religious bigotry it is direct complicity in mass-murder.' b'' b'' b' it could just' b'be helplessness with regards to bringing peace to a region that does' b'not even know the meaning of the word.' b'' b'you tell us a region on earth that does have a long history of war. nato' b'is the largest military "police force" in the world. it was not' b'"helpless." it could have stopped the carnage a year ago.' b'' b'' b'' b'satya prabhakar' b'' b'regards,' b'' b'mike.' b'--' b'michael sells, department of religion, haverford college' b'haverford, pa b'' b'' 