b'' b'' b'' b'which was my point. by converting to another religion i do not loose' b'my cultural identity, i just loose my religious identification.' b'' b'\ti disagree. by converting to another religion, you certainly' b'do change your cultural identity, and lose that part of you which was' b'jewish.' b'' b'' b'i would change one of the many parts that define my cultural identity.' b'if i loose a leg, it might change my personality, but i do not' b'stop being a human being.' b'even more, when someone gets a baboon heart, that person is still' b'human.' b'' b'' b'to be a part or not of the jeish nation is defined by my culture and not' b'by my religion. actually, if i am an atheist, which is in fact like' b'converting into a non-jewish in terms of religion, i am still considered as' b'part of the jewish nation.' b'' b'\tno, there is a serious cultural and religios difference' b'between renouncing the jewish god and accepting a new one. "thou' b'shall have no other gods before me." conversion is a violation of' b'this, atheism you might be able to wiggle around with.' b'' b'not really. that is what differenciates agnostics from atheists.' b'as an atheist, i do not believe there is a god, nor do i believe that' b'there ever was one.' b'so, those commandments have no meaning to me. also, there are a lot' b'of ideas that have no meaning to me: the idea of a chosen people,' b'the idea of a given right to the land of israel, the idea of keeping' b'kosher, the idea of opposing intermarriage, the idea of having a' b'torah that was inspired by god, etc.' b'by being an atheist, i cannot support the idea of the jewish nation' b'as defined by a religious principle or based on a religious identity.' b'for me, religion is just another piece in what constitutes the cultural' b'identity of the jewish people. i believe that as a people with a' b'cultural identity they constitute a nation and have the same right as' b'any other people in the world to have their own state. the same right' b'as the armenians have, as the palestinians have, as the french have,' b'and as anybody else have.' b'i cannot say that by accepting a different god someone has lost all' b'cultural identification.' b'' b'' b'' b'adam' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'aap' 