b'' b'prabhakar) writes:' b'' b' actually, this strife in yugoslavia goes back a long way. bosinan muslims,' b' b' in collaboration with the nazis, did to serbians after the first world' b' b' war what serbs are doing to muslims now. this is not a fresh case of' b'' b'' b"i dont think you're correct here. there have been no reports of the bosnians" b'muslims supporting the nazis in their genocide against the serbians. the fact is' b'that the croat govt. using their secret police (called the ustache, i think)' b'were the prime agents of the nazis in yugoslavia against the serbs.' b'' b'' b'actually, just after the first world war, many muslims were killed by serbs.' b'under serbian-led regime between the two world wars, many croats were' b'also killed (especially during the dictatorship introduced on jan. b'some croats formed a resistance movement "ustashas" (insurgents) and' b'were forced into exile, to fascist italy, which sheltered them. in exile,' b'they practiced a terrorist approach to liberating croatia; while croats in' b'croatia followed the approach of peaceful negotiations under the leadership' b'of vladko macek. after the axis powers took control in the second world' b'war, vladko macek refused to collaborate, so ustashas were brought in' b'to run the newly formed puppet state. this state included both croatia and' b'bosnia-herzegovina, and its ideology saw muslims as the best croats' b'("flowers of croatian people"). some muslims in bosnia-herzegovina' b'therefore joined ustashas. however, even more others did not; they' b"joined tito's partisans. the ustashas membership peaked at" b'less than of croat and muslim population of that area at that time.' b'' b'after wwii, muslims were still considered a religious minority descended' b'from croats or serbs who converted to islam centuries ago. but, in b'it was decided that forcing muslims to declare their nationality as' b'either serbs or croats is not a good policy. dobrica cosic, the current' b'president of the rump yugoslavia, was strongly opposed, and sought to' b'prevent the category "muslim" (in an ethnic sense) from appearing on the' b'next census. he was criticized and expelled from the party. so, since' b'that time, bosnian muslims are considered a separate nationality, although' b'some still deny this and insist that they choose either serb or croat' b'nationality.' b'' b'sincerely,' b'josip' b'' b'' 