b'' b'' b'actually, this strife in yugoslavia goes back a long way. bosinan muslims,' b'in collaboration with the nazis, did to serbians after the first world' b'war what serbs are doing to muslims now. this is not a fresh case of' b'' b"i don't have the faintest idea what literature it is to which you" b'refer. is this an explicit statement by some document? or is it your' b'interpretation of statements in such literature? or is this a figment' b'of your imagination or a nazi armenian propaganda movie script? in' b'any case, a fascinating piece of analysis. here are the facts:' b'' b'' b'source: walker, christopher: "armenia: the survival of a nation."' b"new york (st. martin's press), b'' b'this generally pro-armenian work contains the following information' b'of direct relevance to the nazi holocaust:' b'' b'a) dro (the butcher), the former dictator of x-soviet armenia and the' b'architect of the genocide of million muslims, the most respected' b'of nazi armenian leaders, established an armenian provisional republic' b'in berlin during world war ii;' b'' b"b) this 'provisional government' fully endorsed and espoused the social" b'theories of the nazis, declared themselves and all armenians to be members' b"of the aryan 'super-race;'" b'' b'c) they published an anti-semitic, racist journal, thereby aligning themselves' b'with the nazis and their efforts to exterminate the jews; and,' b'' b'd) they mobilized an armenian army of up to members which fought side' b'by side with the wehrmacht.' b'' b'' b'in fact, by nazi armenians in europe had established a vast' b'network of pro-german collaborators, that extended over two continents.' b'thousands of armenians were serving the german army and waffen-ss in' b'russia and western europe. armenians were involved in espionage and' b'fifth-column activities for hitler in the balkans and arabian peninsula.' b"they were promised an 'independent' state under german 'protection' in" b"an agreement signed by the 'armenian national council.' (a copy of" b"this agreement can be found in the 'congressional record,' november b'1945; see document on this side of the atlantic, nazi armenians' b'were aware of their brethrens alliance. they had often expressed' b'pro-nazi sentiments until america entered the war.' b'' b'' b'in while the jews were being assembled for their doom in the nazi' b'concentration camps, the nazi armenians in germany formed the first' b'armenian battalion to fight alongside the nazis. in this battalion' b'had grown into eight battalions of 30,000-strong under the command of dro' b'(the butcher), who was the former dictator of x-soviet armenia and the' b'architect of the cold-blooded genocide of million turks and kurds' b'between an armenian national council was formed by the notorious' b'dashnak party leaders in berlin, which was recognized by the nazis. encouraged' b'by this, the armenians summarily formed a provisional government that endorsed' b'and espoused fully the principles of the nazis and declared themselves as the' b"members of the aryan super race and full participants to hitler's policy of" b'extermination of the jews.' b'' b'this armenian-nazi conspiracy against the jews during wwii was an "encore"' b'performance staged by the armenians during wwi, when they back-stabbed and' b'exterminated million muslims by colluding with the invading russian army.' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 