b'' b'' b'it is easy for sen. biden to say that when there are no us troops in' b'zepa or srebinica or sarejevo...' b'' b'the existing un policy may certaining be wrong, but the us wants' b'to dictate policy, and make europe responsible for the consequences' b'of that policy...' b'' b'...bosnia is a big enough problem for the us to preach about what' b'other countries should be doing with their forces...but its forces' b'are safely tucked away at home in the us.' b'' b'look nobody asked those countries about their un forces' b'to be on the ground. they can take their forces which are' b'' b'well bosnia and the us did...the un cannot impose blue berets on' b'a country, and the us has voted for the current policy and mandate' b'in the security council...and could have said no if it wanted to...' b'it has a veto.' b'' b'clinton has not demanded the removal of the un forces...because he want' b'to have his cake and eat it too...he wants to dictate policy but' b'not be responsible for the policy he wants to dictate. if clinton' b'asks for the blue berets to leave, then he bill clinton becomes' b'responsible for what happens...him and sen. biden and their friends' b'who want to fight the war from ft...as long as the blue berets' b'are there clinton can use europe as a scapegoat for american' b'indecisiveness.' b'' b'i fully admit that the current un policy approved by all the major' b'powers including the us may be wrong or inappropriate...but these' b'"back-seat drivers" in the us like clinton and biden are just a bunch' b'of hypocrites looking for an gimmick to look like they are doing' b'something to assuage their own consciences and those who are' b'demanding action or leadership...and most european leaders are' b'smart enough to know the difference between american hot air and' b'american leadership.' b'' b'i think senator biden said it all what has to be said on this issue.' b'europe is a sad place to criticize human rights in anywhere in this' b'world. like biden said, they are the bigots when it comes to' b'cultural difference and minorty closer to their home.' b'' b"well, if biden is so outraged...why the hell doesn't he do something" b'about it...where is his resolution in the us senate for a declaration' b'of war or the commitment of us forces and troops. biden is just' b'full of hot air.' b'' b'gerald' 