b'' b'' b' and who copied the months of the armenians?' b'' b'come again? the image-conscious armenians sorely feel a missing' b'glory in their background. armenians have never achieved statehood' b'and independence, they have always been subservient, and engaged' b'in undermining schemes against their rulers. they committed' b'genocide against the muslim populations of eastern anatolia' b'and x-soviet armenia before and during world war i and fully' b'participated in the extermination of the european jewry' b'during world war ii. belligerence, genocide, back-stabbing,' b'rebelliousness and disloyalty have been the hallmarks of the' b'armenian history. to obliterate these episodes the armenians' b'engaged in tailoring history to suit their whims. in this zeal' b'they tried to cover up the cold-blooded genocide of million' b'turks and kurds before and during world war i.' b'' b'and the justice is long overdue.' b'' b'' b'source: documents: volume i b'"document no: archive no: cabin no: drawer' b'no: file no: section no: contents no: b'(to 36th division command militia commander ismail hakki)' b'' b'"for eight days, armenians have been forcibly obstructing people from' b'leaving their homes or going from one village to the other. day and night' b'they are rounding up male inhabitants, taking them to unknown destinations,' b'after which nothing further is heard of them. (informed from statements' b'of those who succeeded in escaping wounded from the massacres around' b'taskilise ruins). women and children are being openly murdered or are' b'being gathered in the church square and similar places. most inhuman and' b'barbarous acts have been committed against moslems for eight days."' b'' b'' b'"document no: archive no: cabin no: drawer' b'no: file no: section no: contents no: b'(to: 1st caucasian army corps command, 2nd caucasian army corps' b'command, communications zone inspectorate commander 3rd army' b'general)' b'' b'"as almost all russian units opposite our front have been withdrawn, the' b'population loyal to us in regions behind the russian positions are' b'facing an ever-increasing threat and suppression as well as cruelties' b'and abuses by armenians who have decided to systematically annihilate' b'the moslem population in regions under their occupation. i have' b'regularly informed the russian command of these atrocities and' b'cruelties and i have gained the impression that the above authority' b'seems to be failing in restoring order."' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 