b'' b'\tas the the peace talks resume in the middle east, i would humbly' b'like to make some personal observations as to their prospects of success' b"or failure and what's at stake." b'' b'\tthe present talks were suspended for over months after the' b'israeli expulsion of more the palestinians for alleged links with' b'the extremist islamic organisation hamas. the future of the talks was' b'in the balance and their continuance was only guaranteed after some' b'concessions by israel. now that all the parties are back to the' b'negotiating table, the stakes as i see is are indeed high and the future' b'stability of the region and perhaps the world is in the balance.' b'' b'\tthe resumption of the talks was followed by a goodwill gesture' b'by israel involving the return of exiled palestinians from jordan to' b'the occupied territories. these, however were not the palestinians' b'expelled in december. the group constituted intellectuals and' b"professionals who had been exiled after the war for the political" b'stand which was then regarded as dangerous.' b'' b'\tthe choice of these arabs, who support the peace talks,' b'illustrates the dilemma now faced by israel. its erstwhile arch' b'enemies, ie plo and its backers now seem willing to talk peace while a' b'new wave of islamic fundamantalism sweeping the middle east has seen the' b'rise of an even more implacable foe under the banner of hamas.' b'' b'\twhile israel continues to refuse to talk to the plo, labelling' b'it a "terrorist organisation", the window of opportunity for peace is' b'narrowing by the day. if the present talks are allowed to deadlock' b'without agreement for a long term and lasting peace that taken into' b'account the interest of all involved, the chances of peace will indeed' b'receed. the plo, by its decision to rejoin the talks, has staked its' b'reputation on the success of the talks. the longer the talks continue,' b'and they started and half years ago, without any tangible progress,' b'the further will the plo support in the territories erode.' b'' b'\twhat is urgently needed is some dramatic gesture, worked out by' b'israel with us approval that could spur the peace process and force the' b'arabs and palestinians to reciprocate. vague promises as to interim' b'government and return of territories is evidently too little too late to' b'be any good. you might ask why must the israelis and not the arabs make' b'the first substantive moves. the answer must lie in the tenous support' b'at best that the talks receive among the mass of arab people and the' b'fact the israel holds the most important cards, namely land.' b'' b'if a land for peace agreement can be reached, and real soon, the chances' b'of a comprehensive peace treaty is good. the arabs, once and for all,' b"recognise israel's right to exist inside secure borders, and isreal" b'would in turn recognise the legitimate right of the palestinians to self' b'deternimation and statehood. with peace guarantee by air tight' b'treaties, the region can then hope to dwell on the economic and social' b'well being of its population, rather than prepare for the next war.' b'' b'--' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'ram vikash tiwary the alternative to peace is not' b'department of civil engineering\t war, it is annihilation.' b'national university of singapore' b'' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b'' 