b'' b'' b'13th ss divison, made primerily of bosnian muslim _volunteers_, did' b'quite a job in the former yugoslavia during wwii. these folks are now' b"in their 60's-70's. makes me wonder how many of them occupy positions" b'' b"that is the result of watching anti-muslim 'sdpa' nazis/crooks/idiots" b'too much. still covering up the crimes of your fascist armenian grandparents' b'and nazi armenian parents? not a chance. as early as k. s. papazian' b"asserted in 'patriotism perverted' that the armenians" b'' b"'lean toward fascism and hitlerism.'[1]" b'' b'at that time, he could not have foreseen that the armenians would' b'actively assume a pro-german stance and even collaborate in world' b'war ii. his book was dealing with the armenian genocide of the muslim' b'population of eastern anatolia. however, extreme rightwing ideological' b'tendencies could be observed within the dashnagtzoutune long before' b'the outbreak of the second world war.' b'' b"in for example, o. zarmooni of the 'tzeghagrons' was quoted" b"in the 'hairenik weekly:'" b'' b'"the race is force: it is treasure. if we follow history we shall' b'see that races, due to their innate force, have created the nations' b'and these have been secure only insofar as they have reverted to' b'the race after becoming a nation. today germany and italy are' b'strong because as nations they live and breath in terms of race.' b'on the other hand, russia is comparatively weak because she is' b'bereft of social sanctities."[2]' b'' b"[1] k. s. papazian, 'patriotism perverted,' (boston, baikar press" b'1934), preface.' b"[2] 'hairenik weekly,' friday, april 'the race is our" b"refuge' by o. zarmooni." b'' b'in april hitler was preparing for the invasion of the caucasus.' b'a number of nazi armenian leaders began submitting plans to german' b'officials in spring and summer one of them was souren begzadian' b'paikhar, son of a former ambassador of the armenian republic in baku.' b'paikhar wrote a letter to hitler, asking for german support to his' b'armenian national socialist movement hossank and suggesting the' b'creation of an armenian ss formation in order' b'' b'"to educate the youth of liberated armenia according to the' b'spirit of the nazi ideas."' b'' b'he wanted to unite the armenians of the already occupied territories' b'of the ussr in his movement and with them conquer historic turkish' b'homeland. paikhar was confined to serving the nazis in goebbels' b'propaganda ministry as a speaker for armenian- and french-language' b'radio broadcastings.[1] the armenian-language broadcastings were' b'produced by yet another nazi armenian viguen chanth.[2]' b'' b'[1] patrick von zur muhlen (muehlen), p. b"[2] enno meyer, a. j. berkian, 'zwischen rhein und arax, b"jahre deutsch-armenische beziehungen,' (heinz holzberg" b'verlag-oldenburg pp. and b'' b'' b'the establishment of armenian units in the german army was favored' b'by general dro (the butcher). he played an important role in the' b"establishment of the armenian 'legions' without assuming any" b'official position. his views were represented by his men in the' b'respective organs. an interesting meeting took place between dro' b'and reichsfuehrer-ss heinrich himmler toward the end of b'dro discussed matters of collaboration with himmler and after' b'a long conversation, asked if he could visit pow camp close to' b'berlin. himmler provided dro with his private car.[1]' b'' b'a minor problem was that some of the soviet nationals were not' b"'aryans' but 'subhumans' according to the official nazi philosophy." b'as such, they were subject to german racism. however, armenians' b'were the least threatened and indeed most privileged. in august' b'1933, armenians had been recognized as aryans by the bureau of' b'racial investigation in the ministry for domestic affairs.' b'' b'[1] meyer, berkian, ibid., pp. b'' b'need i go on?' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 