b'' b'' b' culture was in russia proper, not in the ukraine. i think' b' all these attempts to prove that russians are descendants of' b' finns, ukrainians of tatars, bulgarians of bashkirs, and' b' croats of iranians are based more on speculation than evidence.' b'' b"owieneramus. always has to stick his 'asala/sdpa/arf' made nose into" b'every discussion with non-points and lies. well, still anxiously' b'awaiting...' b'' b'' b'source: cemal kutay, "ottoman empire," vol. ii., p. b'' b'"the atrocities and massacres which have been committed for a long time' b'against the muslim population within the armenian republic have been' b'confirmed with very accurate information, and the observations made by' b'rawlinson, the british representative in erzurum, have confirmed that' b'these atrocities are being committed by the armenians. the united states' b'delegation of general harbord has seen the thousands of refugees who came' b"to take refuge with kazim karabekir's soldiers, hungry and miserable," b'their children and wives, their properties destroyed, and the delegation' b'was a witness to the cruelties. many muslim villages have been destroyed' b'by the soldiers of armenian troops armed with cannons and machine guns' b"before the eyes of karabekir's troops and the people. when it was hoped" b'that this operation would end, unfortunately since the beginning of' b'february the cruelties inflicted on the muslim population of the region' b'of shuraghel, akpazar, zarshad, and childir have increased. according' b'to documented information, muslim villages have been destroyed in the' b'aforementioned region, more than people have been slaughtered,' b'many possessions and livestock have been seized, young muslim women' b'have been taken to kars and gumru, thousands of women and children who' b'were able to flee their villages were beaten, raped and massacred in the' b'mountains, and this aggression against the properties, lives, chastity' b'and honour of the muslims continued. it was the responsibility of the' b'armenian government that the cruelties and massacres be stopped in order' b'to alleviate the tensions of muslim public opinion due to the atrocities' b'committed by the armenians, that the possessions taken from the muslims' b'be returned and that indemnities be paid, that the properties, lives,' b'and honour of the muslims be protected."' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 