b'' b'' b'\tas if were any difference in how bosnian tribes treated' b' each other. that said, one could draw a parallel between' b' the russians in turkestan, and the serbs in bosnia.' b'' b"a typical nazi/racist armenian of 'asala/sdpa/arf'. can it be that" b'criminal/nazi armenians of asala/sdpa/arf hate muslims for ideological' b'reasons regardless of what they do? between and your criminal' b'armenian grandparents committed unheard-of crimes, resorted to all' b'conceivable methods of despotism, organized massacres, poured petrol' b'over babies and burned them, raped women and girls in front of their' b'parents who were bound hand and foot, took girls from their mothers' b'and fathers and appropriated personal property and real estate. and' b'today, they put azeris in the most unbearable conditions any other' b'nation had ever known in history.' b'' b'' b'source: the times, march b'' b'corpses litter hills in karabakh' b'' b'anatol lieven comes under fire while flying with azerbaijani forces' b'to investigate the mass killings of refugees by armenian troops...' b'' b'as we swooped low over the snow-covered hills of nagorno-karabagh we saw' b'the scattered corpses. apparently, the refugees had been shot down as' b'they ran. an azerbaijani film of the places we flew over, shown to' b'journalists afterwards, showed dozens of corpses lying in various parts' b'of the hills.' b'' b'the azerbaijanis claim that as many as have died in a mass killing' b'of azerbaijanis fleeing from the town of khodjaly, seized by armenians' b'last week. a further are believed to be wounded, frozen to death' b'or missing...' b'' b'seven of us squatted in the cabin of an azerbaijani m24 attack helicopter' b'as we flew to investigate the claims of the mass killings. suddenly there' b'was a thump against the underside of the aircraft, a red flash of tracer' b'ripped past the starboard wing, and the helicopter rocked sharply. we' b'swung round, and there was a deafening burst of fire from the cannon' b'under our wing as the helicopter crew returned fire.' b'' b'we had been fired on from an armenian anti-aircraft post. we swung round' b'again, tipped to starboard and appeared to dive straight down into a' b'valley. the brown earth swooped around our heads, the helicopter swung' b'round again and followed the contours of the ground. our cannon fired' b'repeated blasts.' b'' b'later it emerged that a civilian helicopter that we had been escorting' b'had landed successfully at nakhichevanik in the east of the disputed' b'enclave of nagorno-karabakh, to pick up some of the dead. we had, in' b'fact, been attacked both by ground fire and by an armenian helicopter.' b'i had seen the armenian helicopter intermittently through the window,' b'its cannons firing, but had thought mistakenly that it was on' b'"our side". our group of western journalists had embarked on a' b'search-and-rescue flight that had become a combat mission.' b'' b'our flight consisted of the civilian passenger helicopter and two' b'm24 soviet attack helicopters in the azerbaijani service, nicknamed' b'flying crocodiles for their armour. our party was in the second' b"crocodile. the civilian helicopter's job was to land in the mountains" b'and pick up bodies at sites of the mass killings. the attack helicopters' b'were there to give covering fire if necessary.' b'' b'the operation showed a striking sign of the disintegration of the soviet' b'armed forces because our pilot was a russian officer. an azerbaijani' b'official told us that there were now five former soviet military' b'helicopters -and their pilots- fighting for azerbaijan. "they have' b'signed contracts to fly for us," he said. the helicopter we engaged' b'in combat was most probably flown by a brother-officer of our russian' b'pilot, but fighting for the armenians.' b'' b'we had taken off just before 5pm on saturday from agdam airfield, an' b'heated for the armenian-controlled mountains of karabakh, a sheer' b'white wall in the distance. the civilian helicopter picked up four' b'corpses, and it was during this and a previous mission that an' b'azerbaijani cameraman filmed the several the several dozen bodies' b'on the hillsides. we then took off again in a hurry and speed back' b'towards azerbaijani lines. azerbaijani gunners on the last hill before' b'the plain and safety gazed up at us as we passed.' b'' b'back at the airfield in agdam, we took a look the bodies the' b'civilian helicopter had picked up. two old men a small girl were' b'covered with blood, their limbs contorted by the cold and rigor' b'mortis. they had been shot.' b'' b'what did our russian pilot think of the tragedy, our close shave,' b'and the war in nagorno-karabakh? he gave us cheerful grin, politely' b'declined to answer ques tions, and marched off to his dinner.' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 