b'' b'' b'i like what mr. joseph biden had to say yesterday in the senate.' b'condemening the european lack of action and lack of support to us plans' b'and calling that "moral rape".' b'' b'' b'it is easy for sen. biden to say that when there are no us troops in' b'zepa or srebinica or sarejevo...' b'' b'this is true.' b'' b'the existing un policy may certaining be wrong, but the us wants' b'to dictate policy, and make europe responsible for the consequences' b'of that policy..' b'' b'this has merit but is not entirely true.' b'' b'...bosnia is a big enough problem for the us to preach about what' b'other countries should be doing with their forces...but its forces' b'are safely tucked away at home in the us.' b'' b'gerald' b'' b'this last statement is not true. according to the cbo the united states' b'has a force of about us army personel in europe, i do not know' b'if this includes a usmc division in norway. they have available' b'a little more than usaf attack aircraft, including various models' b'of the f-111, a-10, f-19a/b, and a few f-4s. {there are about b'more of these available, safely tucked away at home. at one time, the' b'us maintained mbts {about half were m1a1} but some of these were' b'relocated to the persian gulf. i know the us has at least one' b'aircraft carrier battle group nearby and probably a marine assault' b'brigade. does anyone know if there are any b-52/b-1bs in england?' b'' b'the point is, although there are no us ground troops in bosnia,' b'it is not true that that all the american forces are safely camped' b'outside of st. louis.' b'' b'i also understand that the administration is planning to position' b'troops in macedonia. any reaction out there to this?' b'' b'question: day before yesterday i heard that serbia montenegro' b'had imposed additional trade sanctions against the bosnian serb rebels.' b'this morning a npr reported at a bridge on the drina (sp?) verified' b'that only a bread truck was allowed to pass through to bosnia.' b'a serbian {who happened to be muslim}, stated that just a few months' b'ago no vehicle even slowed for the boarder station. now everyone' b'is stopped and searched, many are turned back. of course all i' b'heard was a translators version, i do not speak serbo-croatian.' b'' b'if this is a effort on the part of serbia montenegro {for whatever reason}' b'to push the boserbs into accepting the v-o, is this not a good thing?' b'' b'peace,' b'jay morris' b'' 