b'' b'look nobody asked those countries about their un forces' b'to be on the ground. they can take their forces which are' b'incomponent and ineffective at the first place. and let whoever are' b'willing to do the job what it takes. how anyone can defend this' b'stinking un force on the ground who let the bosnnian pm' b'yanked out from the un vehicle and being shot by the serbian' b'military? how anyone can defend this un force who are just watching' b'the shelling on cities and towns everyday? how anyone can' b'defend and say those stinking un forces being effective' b'when bosnian had almost children casualties between age' b'groups? i think talking about the current un forces to bosnian' b'muslims is just an insult to their casualties.' b'' b'i think senator biden said it all what has to be said on this issue.' b'europe is a sad place to criticize human rights in anywhere in this' b'world. like biden said, they are the bigots when it comes to' b'cultural difference and minorty closer to their home.' b'because they get rid of their minorities long long time' b'ago starting in 15th centuries. and they let adolph' b'to take care of the rest in 20th century. but he was much more' b'naughty than they expected because he dared to step many' b'toes. so, why spoil the good thing now when serbs doing today what' b'they were thinking the same yesterday.' b'' b'c. akgun' b'' b'' b'infact on tuesday, the bosnian foreign minister asked formally the un to leave bosnia,' b'just to show how much hypocracy is there in europe. these so called un is actually' b'helping serbs carry out their etnic-clensing/murders/rapes. in zepa the un effectively' b'helped the serbs carry out their heinous crimes by spreading conflicting reports that' b'nothing was going on there. the cowards, or so called un peacemakers, only "attempted" to' b'go out there for a fact finding mission -as if with all the ham-radio operators were lying' b'and all the us war planes out there have no means of flying over there. this is the biggest' b'farce in the history of the world and the same act has been repeated over and over again in' b'different beseiged bosnian towns....' b'' b'yes! i heard today that the president of bosnia- under pressure from the "civilized nations"' b'has appealed to the un to stay there in bosnia. he should know better..' b'' b'these hypocrates (sadly! it includes clinton administration too) all came out and said' b'that the call for a referendum from bosnian serbian perliment (or a bunch of' b'rapists/criminals) is a farce and yet they have to wait for the result of this referendum' b'to act....' b'' b'for those of you who are against us to commit ground troops, fine just lift the arms-embargo on both' b'sides (since we know that serbs always got the heavy weapons form federal army).' b'' b'wake up west!! and admit that you are the most uncivilized, the most hypocratic and the most violent' b'bunch on this earth...' b'' b'' b'' b'-khalid' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'disclaimer: these are only my opinions and they have nothing to do with my employers.' 