b'' b'' b'please, don\'t be offended at this question: who are the "muslims" in the' b'bosnian context?' b'' b'bosnian muslims are citizens od bosnia-herzegovina who identify themselves' b'with bosnian muslim cultural and religious tradition.' b'' b'i know that a moslem/muslim is a believer in islam. islam' b'is a religion and it is practised in many parts of the world. but it is not' b', yes definitely not, an ethinic group. ok! so, these bosnian muslims, who' b'are they? to which ethnic group do they belong? what language(s) do they' b'speak? do they have a different language from that of the serbs or croats?' b'' b'in bosnia, "muslim" is not merely a religious category, but an ethnic' b'one as well. actually, here are the two contradictory arguments' b'made by people on this subject:' b'' b'(1) there is only serbian and croatian nationality, and bosnian muslims' b'are simply croats and serbs of islamic faith.' b'' b'(2) bosnian muslims are a separate nationality since they do not feel' b'themselves to be croats nor serbs.' b'' b'in argument was accepted by former yugoslavia as valid,' b'and was soundly rejected. the reasons are pragmatic: even if' b'bosnian muslims are croats and serbs who converted to islam under' b'turkish rule centuries ago, none of the present generation has any' b"clue what was their ancestor's actual nationality. in fact, although" b'bosnian muslims have felt drawn to croatian or serbian national' b'allegiance, most of them feel they have a separate cultural and' b'historic identity. so, arguments like "yes, but your ancestors were' b'croats or serbs" carry very little weight. regardless of what' b'their ancestors might have been, as long as bosnian muslims feel' b'that they are a separate national group, that ends the debate.' b'what outsiders say is simply not relevant.' b'' b"the way the western press use the word 'muslim' in this bosnian debacle has" b'kept me wondering when the meaning of muslim/moslem i knew from childhood was' b'changed in the dictionary. this is just a question. no flames intended!' b'' b'in the case of former yugoslavia, the date is when "muslim nationality"' b'appeared as a census category for the first time. this was the result' b'of a sequence of decisions over the past decade, from recognizing' b'"bosniaks" as an ethnic group to february resolution (in b-h)' b'declaring that muslims are a separate nation, to formal endorsement' b'of this in january and eventually to the inclusion of' b'"muslim nationality" choice in census forms.' b'' b'for comparison, in census there were three national categories' b'available to muslims in bosnia-herzegovina:' b'' b'serb-muslims: b'croat-muslims: b'muslims, ethnically undeclared: b'' b'this clearly demonstrates that muslims feel themselves to be their own' b'nationality. only a tiny minority felt able to choose serb or croat' b'nationality. census results show that bosnian muslims have' b'consistently opted for a third category: in they chose "undeclared",' b'in they chose "yugoslavs", in both "yugoslavs" and "bosniak' b'ethnic group", and in and they chose "muslim nationality".' b'' b'perhaps the term "bosnian muslim nationality" is too confusing for' b'the rest of the world. but, in the present context, we are talking' b'about muslims as nationality; not as a religous group within some' b'separate national identity. the reasons are mostly historical and' b'cultural. religion plays a smaller role, as a part of culture in general,' b'because the area is simply not known for religious fanaticism. political' b'fanaticism, yes; religious fanaticism, no. group security and survival' b"dominate people's thinking; not fine points of theology. in fact," b'bosnia-herzegovina is as well known for religious tolerance in peacetime' b'as it is known for terrible carnage in wartime.' b'' b'sincerely,' b'-josip' b'' b'' b'' 