b'' b'' b'thus, while a war rages between serbs and croats as a continuation of' b'wwii, and older agenda, the annihilation of islam and muslims from' b'bosnian, is being carried out under the cover of the serbo-croat war.' b'' b'' b'the annihilation of islam ("turks") is an older serbian agenda. but' b'i strongly dispute your notion that croats had a similar older agenda,' b'in fact, for the past century or two, croats and muslims have seen' b'themselves as having a lot in common, and they generally had friendly' b'relations. your suggestion that croat-muslim relationship is' b'anything like serb-muslim relationship is completely wrong.' b'' b'to say that croats and muslims have a lot in common does not imply' b'they are not separate peoples. the events of the past two years' b'clearly show muslim determination to remain separate: in their alliance' b'with croats, they maintained this separation. croats would have' b'accepted a much closer relationship, i think. this century plus' b'of building bridges between these two friendly peoples is now at' b'risk, because of the inexorable logic of war.' b'' b'since bosnian serbs of population) have times more heavy' b'weapons than bosnian muslims and croats combined, they' b'have squeezed muslims and croats into only of the territory.' b'muslims lost more territory than croats (who built defenses early on).' b'' b'under these conditions, any alliance is bound to fall apart since' b'it is easier to recover lost land from croats than from serbs.' b'the only thing keeping this in check was the hope of reversal of' b'fortunes through foreign military intervention and lifting of the' b'arms embargo. since warren christopher had no luck persuading' b'the europeans to go along with this, this hope was dashed. having' b'no prospect of outside help, the former allies turned on each other,' b'like two starved animals in a tight cage.' b'' b'this inexorable logic, of course, got plenty of help from serbian' b'intelligence operatives, who were doing everything to build' b'mistrust between croats and muslims for over a year. a timely' b'intervention to stop serbian aggression would have prevented this.' b'' b'sadly, nothing was done to create a balance of power on the' b'ground. as long as the serbs enjoy advantage, they can' b'break any alliance, even among friends. this is tragic, but' b'hardly new: "divide et impera" was used by ancient romans' b'with success. in my view, bosnian muslims and croats managed' b'to resist this divisive strategy reasonably well until may b'when the hope of reversal of fortunes was lost.' b'' b'i have a question for the distinguished diplomats: do they' b"believe balkan peoples are experimental cannon fodder? i'd like to know" b'what did they expect when they decided to enforce the arms embargo which' b'solidified serbian advantage in heavy weapons; how did they expect' b'to prevent fragmentation of the muslim and croat defense forces; and how' b'on earth do they hope to restore peace without justice?' b'' b'the implications of this immoral approach i cannot begin to predict,' b'but i am filled with foreboding...' b'' b'sincerely,' b'josip' b'' b'' 