b'' b'' b'the problem is that the blue berets in bosnia are dead meat if' b"clinton starts bombing, but clinton doesn't have the courage to" b'ask that the blue berets leave, because then he becomes primarily' b'responsible to the bosnian policy of the un and the allies.' b'clinton wants to have his cake and eat it too...he wants to feel' b'free to use american military power for the sake of domestic' b"us politics and his domestic image, but he doesn't want to assume" b'the primary international leadership role in the un and among' b'the allies, like bush, for all his faults, did in the gulf war...' b'because with leadership comes responsibility, and clinton seems' b'to want to retain the europeans as scapegoats.' b'' b'' b'this is one of the most ridiculous arguments i have heard from the' b'europeans. "let\'s let the serbs massacre, rape, and ethnically clean' b"100,000 bosnians because we don't want our pretty blue berets there" b'to get scratched". well, i say, get them the hell out of there if you\'re' b"worried for them, but don't deny bosnians their basic right to self" b'defense! lift the embargo against bosnia, and let them defend themselves.' b'what makes the un troops more valuable than the bosnian people? they' b'are letting the civilians die so the soldiers could survive, when' b'if anything, it should be the other way around. idiots like owen' b'expect bosnians to swallow a forced plan, and just hope this problem' b"will go away. well they're wrong. if they had got their butts in gear" b'(that is, if bosnia had oil) a year ago, much of this could be prevented.' b'now, however, the results of this tragedy will last for generations.' b"that's like forcing the jews to make peace with hitler. yeah right." b'this, as senator biden said, reeks of bigotry, and makes me and any' b'decent human being for that matter, quite sick. it should be the' b'europeans, not the americans, who take the inititiative and ask the' b'other for support. this is their backyard, not the americans.' b"today it's bosnia, tomorrow it will be kosovo and macedonia, greece," b'and then turkey, and the damn thing will spread. not to mention' b"european muslims who weren't even practicing before will rally to" b'fundamentalism. good luck handling that, your majesty! owen was' b'upset at the question which compared him to chamberlain, who hoped' b'to appease hitler. he said that chamberlain had been in munich years' b'before any war, i have been here during a blazing war for the last' b'18 months. well, that makes him even worse, because chamberlain could' b"have at least argued i'm giving germany the benefit of the doubt," b"whereas owen can't even do that. what the west is doing is aiding the" b"serbs by tying the bosnians' hands, and making the stupid excuse of their" b"powerless troops on the ground, who can't even protect the bosnian foreign" b'minister in their own armored vehicle, and watch the killers just walk' b'away! what kind of peace is this? what kind of civilization is this?' b'' b'clinton wants to leave the europeans in charge and responsible,' b'but wants to freelance on the side...and if his freelancing gets' b'too hot, he wants to be able to cut and run...the american public may' b"be easily fooled...european leaders aren't." b'' b'european leaders are pathetic, and are helping a genocide which even they' b"will not be able to forget. yeah, they'll go to africa and fight for some" b"damn dictator in their former colony, they'll go to kuwait and fight for" b"oil, but in bosnia not only they won't fight aggression, they'll even" b'tie the hands of the victim. now you tell me who is fooling whom.' b'' b'' b'gerald' b'' b'' b'' b'mash javad' 