b'' b'' b'\twhat is the mental disease when the patient repeats' b'\tthe same sentence over and over as a response to' b'\tany kind of outside intrusion? mutlu has similar' b'\tsymptomatic, anyway. the only difference is that' b'\the has a bigger database.' b'' b'with your level of understanding, my dear friend mutlu probably' b"thought that he'd be nice and help you genocide apologist to get" b'the point. besides, all your article reflects is your abundant' b'ignorance. ignorance is probably the main reason why you historical' b'revisionist are in such a mess. you even make nazi/criminal armenians' b'laugh.' b'' b'' b'"in soviet armenia today there no longer exists a single turkish soul.' b'it is in our power to tear away the veil of illusion that some of us' b'create for ourselves. it certainly is possible to severe the artificial' b"life-support system of an imagined 'ethnic purity' that some of us" b'falsely trust as the only structure that can support their heart beats' b'in this alien land."' b'(sahak melkonian "preserving the armenian purity")' b'' b'' b'"an appropriate analogy with the jewish holocaust might be the' b'systematic extermination of the entire muslim population of' b'the independent republic of armenia which consisted of at' b'least percent of the population of that republic. the' b'memoirs of an armenian army officer who participated in and' b'eye-witnessed these atrocities was published in the u.s. in' b'1926 with the title \'men are like that.\' other references abound."' b'(rachel a. bortnick the jewish times june b'' b'' b'1."men are like that" by leonard a. hartill, bobbs co., indianapolis,' b'1926' b'' b'memoirs of an armenian army officer translated to english and' b'published by a member of american "near east relief organization."' b'gives the whole account of the genocide of all turkish and moslem' b'people in armenia organized and executed by armenian government and' b'army. also gives account of countless other massacres and atrocities' b'against the turkish people in armenia.' b'' b'2."adventures in the near east" by a. rawlinson,' b'dodd, meade co., b'' b'eyewitness account of the same genocide by a british army officer.' b'' b'3."world alive, a personal story" by robert dunn,' b'crown publishers, inc., new york, b'' b'another eyewitness account of the same genocide by an american' b'officer.' b'' b'4."from sardarapat to serves and lousanne" by avetis aharonian,' b'the armenian review magazine, volume (fall through b'(spring b'' b'memoirs of the chief armenian delegate to the paris peace conference' b'were published in the armenian review magazine in articles from' b'volume (fall to volume (spring these memoirs' b'include an interview between aharonian and british foreign minister' b'lord curzon in which above-mentioned genocide was discussed. the' b'official report mentioned by lord curzon is the report of british' b'high commissioner to caucasia, sir oliver wardrop.' b'' b'' b"'kill turks and kurds wherever you find them and in" b'whatever circumstances you find them. turkish children' b'also should be killed as they form a danger to the' b"armenian nation.' (hamparsum boyadjian b'' b'[1] m. varandian, "history of the dashnaktsutiun," p. b'' b'' b'source: hovannisian, richard g.: armenia on the road to independence, b'university of california press (berkeley and los angeles), p. b'' b'"the addition of the kars and batum oblasts to the empire increased the' b'area of transcaucasia to over square miles. the estimated population' b'of the entire region in was of whom percent) were' b'armenian, percent) georgian, and percent) moslem.' b'of the latter group, were tatars. paradoxically, barely one-third' b"of transcaucasia's armenians lived in the erevan guberniia, where the" b'christians constituted a majority in only three of the seven uezds. erevan' b'uezd, the administrative center of the province, had only armenians' b'as compared to moslems. by the time of the russian census of b'however, the armenians had established a scant majority, percent, in the' b'guberniia; it had risen by to percent, or of the b"inhabitants. this impressive change in the province's ethnic character" b'notwithstanding, there was, on the eve of the creation of the armenian' b'republic, a solid block of tartars who continued to dominate the' b'southern districts, from the outskirts of ereven to the border of persia."' b'(see also map historic armenia and map administrative subdivisions of' b'transcaucasia).' b'' b"in percent turk." b'' b'"we closed the roads and mountain passes that might serve as' b'ways of escape for the tartars and then proceeded in the work' b'of extermination. our troops surrounded village after village.' b'little resistance was offered. our artillery knocked the huts' b'into heaps of stone and dust and when the villages became untenable' b'and inhabitants fled from them into fields, bullets and bayonets' b'completed the work. some of the tartars escaped of course. they' b'found refuge in the mountains or succeeded in crossing the border' b'into turkey. the rest were killed. and so it is that the whole' b'length of the borderland of russian armenia from nakhitchevan to' b'akhalkalaki from the hot plains of ararat to the cold mountain' b'plateau of the north were dotted with mute mournful ruins of' b'tartar villages. they are quiet now, those villages, except for' b'howling of wolves and jackals that visit them to paw over the' b'scattered bones of the dead."' b'' b'ohanus appressian' b'"men are like that"' b'p. b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 