b'' b'' b'' b' "muslim" in ex-yugoslavia was a *nation* not a religion. in fact, not' b' all muslims in b-h are followers of islam. therefore, there do (did?)' b' exist in ex-yugoslavia "christian muslims."' b'' b"yeah! that's it! you've really outdone yourself this time nick..." b'don\'t forget the "davidian muslims"... b'' b"islam is not a race. it's a religion. you can be white, black," b"fijian or alaskan. i guess you didn't absorb too much of the malcolm" b'x interest circulating. you see, the whole point of islam is that it' b'stresses equality amongst all peoples. now, i do realize this is' b'difficult for you to comprehend given your staunch beliefs in serbian' b"ethnic cleansing, but give it a try, it's really not that difficult." b'' b'' b'our white knight for islam rides in again! our instant expert' b'on religion, race and ethnicity is at the door! stand back all. let' b"him through. he's going to single-handedly rescue islam from all these" b'dastardly mistakes, misquotes, misconceptions.' b'' b' the war is not a religious war, and it is not an ethnic war.' b'' b"that's right, it's a disneyland war all a setup for the tv cameras." b'there are also people who believe man never landed on the moon, that' b'the whole apollo story was done in tv studios...' b'' b' it is a' b' civil war in which the terms of secession are being negotiated with guns' b' instead of pens. the croat, muslim, and serb political leaders *all*' b' chose to fight over the terms of secession instead of compromising and' b' peacefully negotiating multilateral secession agreements.' b'' b'terms of secession? you are, of course, joking, right nick? nobody' b'*chose* to fight. bosnia and croatia were *internationally*' b'recognized nations when the serbs attacked and started on their' b"well-documented genocide. that makes them an outside aggressor. it's" b'a simple genocide, a classical example of ethnic cleansing. there is' b'no question of civil war...' b'' b'-- shakil' b'' b'did it occur to you that there is such a thing as bosnian serbs' b"who aren't necessarily outsiders? and while you're at it, could you" b'please pontificate a little bit about your islamic pals in the sudan' b'who are running amuck in the south, kidnapping women and children' b"and, in essence, doing the same thing? how come we don't hear your" b"wonderful treatises on what's happening" b'out there?' 