b'' b'' b'my reference is a page essay in our local star tribute newspaper' b'putting the whole conflict in perspective. i will readily admit' b'that i am no authority in this area; however, other posteers' b'asserted that *some* muslims did join hands with croats and' b'nazis in persecuting serbs. in any case, past actions do not' b'' b'and the best evidence you can find is second hand hearsay from' b'an unnamed source? you may indeed be confusing *some* muslims' b'with nazi armenians. altogether nazi armenians served in' b'various units in the german wehrmacht, according to ara j. berkian.' b'14,000 in predominantly armenian army units, in german army' b'units, in various working units and in the waffen-ss.[1]' b'' b'a number of these nazi armenians were volunteers from france,' b'greece, rumania and bulgaria who had chosen to commit' b'themselves to the german war effort. derounian says that' b'' b'"dashnag armenians from france bore the mark \'legion' b'armenienne.\'"[2]' b'' b"that nazi armenians like dro 'the butcher' and nezhdeh sided" b'with the germans probably had an impact on the decision of' b'armenians who overwhelmingly opted for armed service.' b'' b"[1] enno meyer, a. j. berkian, 'zwischen rhein und arax, b"jahre deutsch-armenische beziehungen,' (heinz holzberg" b'verlag-oldenburg pp. b"[2] john roy carlson (arthur derounian), in 'the armenian" b"displaced persons,' ibid., p. b'' b'in fall the armenian infantry battalions and were formed,' b'to be followed by battalions and in spring in the' b'second half of infantry battalions and were created.' b'these battalions together with other indigenous caucasian units were' b'attached to the infantry division also attached to id were' b'the field battalions ii/9, i/125 and i/198 which were formed between' b'may and may altogether twelve armenian battalions served the' b'nazi army, if battalion ii/73, which was not employed at any time, is to be' b'included.[1] most battalions were commanded by nazi armenian officers.' b'armenians wore german uniforms with an armband in the dashnag colours' b"red-blue-orange and the inscription 'armenien.'" b'' b"[1] joachim hoffmann, 'dies ostlegionen turkotataren," b"kaukasier und wolgafinned im deutschen heer,' (verlag rombach" b'freiburg p. b'' b'while having collaborated with the nazis against stalin during the' b"second world war, nazi armenians changed their policy after hitler's" b"defeat. they now backed stalin's claims on eastern turkish provinces," b'hoping that these would be annexed to soviet armenia and their muslim' b'population would be exterminated. stalin played on armenian national' b'sentiments to enlist the support of armenians in the ussr and america' b"for his imperial ambitions.[1] stalin's ultimatum to the turkish" b'government led truman to formulate his famous doctrine.' b'' b"[1] walter kolarz, 'religion in the soviet union,' (london, macmillan b"co ltd; new york, st martin's press pp. b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 