b'' b'' b' what i simply want, is the same thing for the greeks of turkey. the' b' turkish state should recognize its crimes against the greek minority,' b'' b'pardon me? history shows that within the last years, greeks played' b'that game twice: they used istanbul patriarch grigorios in to' b'instigate the morea rebellion that resulted in the massacres of' b'the muslim people. again, the orthodox patriarch constantine v' b'invited the russian czar nicholas ii to invade the ottoman empire' b"'in the name of jesus,' and save his flock from ottoman rule." b'' b'source: "the \'past\' in medieval and modern greek culture," in speros' b"vryonis, ed., 'byzantina kai metabyzantina,' vol i (malibu," b'calif., b'' b'p. b'' b'in the words of professor skiotis, "with savage jubilance, [the greeks]' b"sang the words 'let no turk remain in the morea, nor in the whole world.'" b"the greeks were determined to achieve to 'romaiko' in the only way they" b'knew how: through a war of religious extermination."' b'' b'' b'<<the leader of the ashkenazi community of corlu complained to the' b'president of aiu [alliance israelite universelle] in about' b'persistent greek attacks against its jewish quarter:' b'' b"''the fanatic greeks of our city, as of other places in thrace," b'have the habit of, contrary to the spirit of real christianity,' b'making a replica of judas iscariote and of burning it on the night' b'of holy saturday. they construct a wooden figure, cover it with' b'clothing which they claim is that of the ancient jews, and they' b'burn it publicly in the middle of a multitude of the ignorant and' b'the fanatic. it often happens that this multitude, already excited' b'by the tales of the suffering of christ that has been made to them' b'at the church, is exaulted at the appearance of the execution of he' b'who is supposed to have betrayed christ, and works up a great anger' b'against the jews...for a long time we have known that each year,' b'on such a day, they will cut off the heads and arms of the corpses' b'in our cemetery and will burn them with great solemnity. we make' b'no complaint about this in order not to create differences between' b'the two communities. but this audacious madness of these fanatics' b'has increased. we ourselves see the flames and hear the cries of' b"hatred and vengeance against the jews.''[42]" b'' b'[42] ashkenazi community, corlu, to aiu no.8783, may in aiu' b'archives (paris) ii c with report printed in el tiempo of may b'' b'' b"source: professor stanford j. shaw, 'the jews of the ottoman empire and the" b"turkish republic,' new york university press, new york b'' b'pages b'' b'<<in immediately after enactment of the new organic statute for the' b'jewish community, and just as jewish capital from europe was beginning' b'to have an effect in istanbul, local armenians and greeks started a pogrom' b'against jews immediately across the sea of marmara at haydarpasa, terminus' b'of the anatolia railroad, with three hundred jews massacred and many more' b'beaten and raped before the disturbance was stopped after the sultan sent' b'his personal guard across the bay to protect the jews b'' b'in later years, ritual murder attacks against jews, carried out mostly' b'by native greeks, armenians, and, in arab provinces, by maronites and' b'other arab christians, often with the assistance of the local european' b'consuls, took place throughout the empire. there were literally thousands' b'of incidents continuously until world war i, in southeastern europe as far' b'west and north as monastir and kavalla, in istanbul, at gallipoli and' b'the dardanelles, at salonica, and in all the arab provinces as far south' b'as damascus and beirut and in egypt at cairo and alexandria. these' b'invariably resulted from accusations spread among ottoman christians' b'by word of mouth, or published in their newspapers, often by christian' b'financiers and merchants anxious to get their jewish competitors out of' b'the way or to divert onto the jews muslim anger at reports of christian' b'massacres of muslims in southeastern europe or central asia, resulting' b'in individual and mob attacks on jews, and the burning of their shops' b'and homes.' b'' b'individual experiences were horrible. jews constantly went in fear of' b'armenian or greek attacks in the streets of ottoman cities. in egypt' b'and syria, it was usually the greeks who led the way, in many cases' b'with the assistance of local armenians and syrian christians, whose' b'greek, arabic and french-language newspapers often printed all the' b'rumors they could find regarding jews, evidently with the desire of' b'instigating violence. the syrian arab christians in particular spread' b'their long-standing anti-semitic hatreds from syria to egypt, where' b'their monopoly of the local press and their espousal of popular causes' b'such as egyptian nationalism and opposition to the british rule, enabled' b'them to spread their anti-jewish message among the muslim masses with' b'little question or opposition.' b'' b'on june thus, sir evelyn baring (later lord cromer), british' b'high commissioner in egypt, received the following report from david' b'and nissim ades, in cairo:' b'' b"''sir," b'' b'i beg sir to draw to your attention to the violent articles which' b'has (sic) appeared in an arabic paper called el mahroussa which' b'contained nothing but lies and false accusations against the jews,' b'especially those (the issues) of the 14th, 17th and 19th instant.' b'now, sir, are we to have here an anti-semitic party amidst fanaticism,' b'greeks, armenians, etc., or is he to be allowed to continue to poison' b"the people's minds with exaggeration and painted words? in an article," b'he asserted that the jews use christian blood for passover, of course' b"this has caused a deal of excitement.'' b'' b'whenever greek and other orthodox religious authorities or prominent' b'greek business leaders or consuls were asked to help to stem the violence' b'or reduce tension, they invariably indicated their cooperation and then' b'failed to do anything to prevent attacks or punish those who stimulated' b'or led them. b'' b'the leader of the ashkenazi community of corlu complained to the' b'president of aiu [alliance israelite universelle] in about' b'persistent greek attacks against its jewish quarter:' b'' b"''the fanatic greeks of our city, as of other places in thrace," b'have the habit of, contrary to the spirit of real christianity,' b'making a replica of judas iscariote and of burning it on the night' b'of holy saturday. they construct a wooden figure, cover it with' b'clothing which they claim is that of the ancient jews, and they' b'burn it publicly in the middle of a multitude of the ignorant and' b'the fanatic. it often happens that this multitude, already excited' b'by the tales of the suffering of christ that has been made to them' b'at the church, is exaulted at the appearance of the execution of he' b'who is supposed to have betrayed christ, and works up a great anger' b'against the jews...for a long time we have known that each year,' b'on such a day, they will cut off the heads and arms of the corpses' b'in our cemetery and will burn them with great solemnity. we make' b'no complaint about this in order not to create differences between' b'the two communities. but this audacious madness of these fanatics' b'has increased. we ourselves see the flames and hear the cries of' b"hatred and vengeance against the jews.''[42]" b'' b'' b'[39] el tiempo, april galante, istanbul i, galante, documents v,' b'340-41.' b'' b'[40] fo enclosed in baring no.207 to lord salisbury, cairo,' b"25 june reprinted in landau, 'ritual murder accusations', p.450." b'' b"[41] jacob landau, 'ritual murder accusations and persecutions of jews" b"in nineteenth century egypt', sefunot v for example" b"see report in baiu [bulletin de l'alliance israelite universelle:" b'deuxieme serie (paris)], first semestre pp.66-67. galante also' b'reported similar difficulties with the greek religious leaders while' b'he was teaching in rhodes.' b'' b'[42] ashkenazi community, corlu, to aiu no.8783, may in aiu' b'archives (paris) ii c with report printed in el tiempo of may b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 