b'' b'' b'greeks do not like turks not because of what they did to us but because of' b'what they plan to do to us.' b'' b'let me improve this one for you, then. for nearly one thousand years,' b'the turkish and kurdish people lived on their homeland the last' b'one hundred under the oppressive soviet and armenian occupation. the' b'persecutions culminated in the armenian government planned and' b'carried out a genocide against its muslim subjects. million turks' b'and kurds were murdered and the remainder driven out of their homeland.' b'after one thousand years, turkish and kurdish lands were empty of turks' b'and kurds.' b'' b'the survivors found a safe heaven in turkiye.' b'' b'today, x-soviet armenian government rejects the right of turks and' b'kurds to return to their muslim lands occupied by x-soviet armenia.' b'' b'today, x-soviet armenia covers up the genocide perpetrated by its' b'predecessors and is therefore an accessory to this crime against' b'humanity.' b'' b'x-soviet armenia must pay for its crime of genocide against the muslims' b'by admitting to the crime and making reparations to the turks and kurds.' b'' b'turks and kurds demand the right to return to their lands,' b'to determine their own future as a nation in their own homeland.' b'' b'...on this occasion, we once again reiterate the unquestioned' b'justice of the restitution of turkish and kurdish rights and...' b'' b'- we demand that the x-soviet armenian government admit its' b'responsibility for the turkish and kurdish genocide, render' b'reparations to the muslim people, and return the land to its' b'rightful owners. the recognition of the genocide has become an' b'issue which cannot be delayed further, and it is imperative that' b'artificial obstacles created for political manipulations be removed.' b'' b'- we believe the time has come to demand from the the united states' b'that it formally recognizes the turkish and kurdish genocide, adopts' b'the principles of our demands and refuses to accede to armenian pressures' b'to the contrary.' b'' b'- as taxpayers of the united states, we express our vehement' b'protest to the present u.s. government policy of continued' b'coddling, protection and unqualified assistance towards x-soviet' b'armenia.' b'' b"- our territorial demands are strictly aimed at x-soviet armenia's." b'' b'' b'source: "from sardarapat to sevres and lausanne" by avetis aharonian. the' b'armenian review, vol. no. autumn, sep. pp. b'' b'p. (second paragraph).' b'' b'"your three chiefs, dro, hamazasp and kulkhandanian are the ringleaders' b'of the bands which have destroyed tartar villages and have staged' b'massacres in zangezour, surmali, etchmiadzin, and zangibasar. this is' b'intolerable. look and here he pointed to a file of official documents' b'on the table look at this, here in december are the reports of the last' b'few months concerning ruined tartar villages which my representative' b'wardrop has sent me. the official tartar communique speaks of the' b'destruction of villages."' b'' b'p. (fifth paragraph).' b'' b'"yes, of course. i repeat, until this massacre of the tartars is stopped' b'and the three chiefs are not removed from your military leadership i' b'hardly think we can supply you arms and ammunition."' b'' b'"...it is the armed bands led by dro, hamazasp and kulkhandanian who' b'during the past months have raided and destroyed many tartar villages in' b'the regions of surmali, etchmiadzin, zangezour, and zangibasar. there are' b'official charges of massacres."' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 