b'' b'' b'' b'bill coleman writes...' b'' b'(responding to a discussion about a mosque in jerusalem allegedly' b'having been destroyed by israel)' b'' b"bc in today's jerusalem post magazine there is a feature story about the" b'bc ongoing restoration of synagogues in the jewish quarter. the author,' b'bc leah abramowitz, writes that there were fifty-seven synagogues in the' b'bc quarter in all of which were destroyed, some, she says, used as' b'bc donkey stables. the building shells, that is.' b'bc' b'bc i still find it really, really hard to understand why the demolition' b'bc of the buildings in front of the kotel continues to evoke more outrage' b'bc than this. everything is so much cheaper when it happens to the jews.' b'bc' b'bc why?' b'' b'the double standard of human behavior regarding the jews must' b'be manitained.' b'' b'a perfect example is the outcry over the temporary removal of' b'400 men who advocated murdering jews and destroying the state' b'of israel, compared to the deafening silence over the abusive' b'treatment of jews in arab countries during the past years.' b'' b'compare the tacit appoval that the world gives to muslims who' b'randomly murder jewish civilians to the righteous indignation' b'expressed if people in the occupied territories are kept from' b'working in israel in an effort to reduce these random murders' b'from occuring, while everyone knows that no country is at all' b'required to accept foreign workers, except israel, of course.' b'' b'jewish blood has always been cheap. the non-jewish world ha' b'never regarded any form of jewish suffering important, except' b'when the jews were the models of the powerless victim holding' b'the high moral ground, as it had been just after world war b'however, as soon as the jewish people started to take care of' b'themselves, the ancient hatred of jews was unleashed again.' b'' b'i doubt if the non-jewish world is even capable of having any' b'compassion towards jews as anti-semitism is so ancient and so' b'basic to both christianity and islam.' b'' b'golda meir said that there would be peace when the arabs love' b'their own children more than they hate the jews. and while i' b'know that there are more arab parents who love their children' b'than those who would send their children out into the streets' b'to throw rocks at men trained to defend themselves with guns,' b'the world is so obsessed by a hatred of jews trying to defend' b'themselves that they have yet to even question the actions of' b'those parents who not simply allow their children to do this,' b"but encourage them to throw themselves into harm's way. even" b'arab children are expendable, if their tragic deaths are used' b'in the neverending propoganda battle to blame israel, and the' b'jews, for any misfortune befalling arabs in the middle east.' b'' b'' b'' b'* b'who is a jew? a person whose integrity decays when unmoved by' b'the knowledge of wrong done to other people. a. j. heschel' b'' 