b'' b'for those of you who are against us to commit ground troops, fine just lift the arms-embargo on both' b'sides (since we know that serbs always got the heavy weapons form federal army).' b'' b'wake up west!! and admit that you are the most uncivilized, the most hypocratic and the most violent' b'bunch on this earth...' b'' b'' b'-khalid' b'' b'' b'c. akgun writes:' b'' b'it is also so easy to blame the west for their indiffernce to' b'real bosnian suffering. how about the moslem world, about billion?' b'how about them ha? what they are doing to stop this' b'massacre? why the oil rich arab states make the bosnian crises' b'a national interest of the west, especially for europeans? we all' b"know they can do it over night, don't we? blaming west and asking" b"why they don't put their life into danger seems to be the choice of" b'muslims too. i think who is sleeping is not the west. they are wide' b'awake. they are trying to save the face.' b'' b'' b'please, read my post carefully, i am saying that lift the arms emargo' b'and let the muslims defend themselves. the point is these europians' b'"civilized countries" neither want to get intervene militarily themselves' b'and nor they like to see the muslims of the world to help the oppressed.' b'(remember what happened almost one year ago when the so called un discovered' b'some riffles in an iranian jet in bosnia!). the west is not indifferent' b'in this matter they are siding with serbs by keeping this embargo on only' b'muslim side (okay on-paper on both sides).' b'' b'-khalid' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'disclamer: these are my opinions only and they have nothing to do with my' b'employer.newsgroups: soc.culture.arabic,soc.culture.bosna-herzgvna,soc.culture.indian,soc.culture.iranian,soc.culture.jewish,soc.culture.pakistan,soc.culture.turkish,soc.culture.yugoslavia,soc.culture.afganistan,talk.politics.mideast,soc.culture.african,soc.cultur' b'summary:' b'expires:' b'sender:' b'followup-to:' b'distribution:' b'organization: stratus computer, inc.' b'keywords:' b'' b'' 