b'' b'' b'muslims helping the nazis??? where on earth do you come up with such' b'accuusation?? do you have proofs?? if not, you should publically apologize' b'for such a statement.' b'' b'what a dope! there is no value for mohammed elabdellaoui to be here' b'at a western university. third-worldist and islamic brain-rot has' b'made it impossible for him to acquire and analyze facts appropriately.' b'' b'and is there a reason or value for such a brainless shit for brains asshole' b'to be haer. you are a self hating bastard. neither your name nor your' b"ideas, which i've come across before and thought were too stupid and" b'uncivlized to respond to, prove your first-worldist claim and civility.' b'' b'' b'the history of the efforts of the mufti of jerusalem to serve the' b'nazis in the south balkans and set up muslim ss divisions is' b'well-documented. in general, nazism and the leader-principle' b"resonated well among muslim peoples. khomeini's concept of the faqih" b'is a recent example of such resonance. in fact, totalitarianism is' b'etymologically a reasonable translation islam.' b'' b'to be fair, the mufti did not succeed in getting large numbers of' b'muslims to join the ss. but the rather small muslim ss unit did' b'manage to commit attrocities disproportionate to it size. there were' b'also muslim people who were less than enthusiastic about the attempt' b'of muslim leaders to entice muslim people to serve the nazi cause' b'actively. and the turkish government ignored practically all nazi' b'overtures even though an alliance with the nazis against the soviet' b'government would have made a great deal of tactical sense.' b'' b'give me sources to read it or shut up. you think i will take such an' b'ignorant as yourself on his words??' b'' b'' b'\t\t\tlast time i heard, the nazis prided themselves in' b'needing no body to carry their politics and ideologies. and if your statment' b"were true, don't you think israel would of used it to point to what a muslim" b'neighbor (palestine) could do to them if they allowed it to be? the jewish' b'lobby and power is very strong, and if what you said is true, we would of' b'heard it from them before you could come up with it.' b'and you dare say that you are taking no sides!!' b'' b'yes, the typical primitive muslim psychopathological psychotic' b'behavior upon hearing or reading a disagreeable fact start whining' b'about the jews. what a jerk.' b'' b'' b'there is nothing primitive about islam except in your mind. i do read and' b'live daily with disagreable facts, and i only ask them to prove themselves.' b'the last time i checked, this was truly a 1st-worldist civilized approach to' b'facts and figures. i did not whine about the jews, i merely stated a fact' b'thet is strange to nobody. as far as me being jerk, fuck you. (sorry to' b'other people that read this).' b'' b'mohammed' b'' b'you should go back to your mindlessly stupid 3rd world country. your' b'brain has no business in a civilized first world country.' b'' b'i am at home fuck face. my name does not mean i am from somewhere else,' b'except in your litte manute stupid brain. and while we are at names,' b"yours does not particularly seem to be 1st-worldist. ajami?? what's that" b'? arabic?? as i said you must be ashamed of what you are. you must' b"really hate yourself don't you ass-hole??" b'' b'mohammed' b'' b'' b'joachim carlo santos martillo ajami' b'' b'' b'' 