b'' b'' b'upi, and the newspapers who are reporting this being all owned by saudis' b'i wonder how secure they are feeling by reporting all of these things,' b'maybe saudi arabia is allowed to have all the human rights violations' b'it can have, nobody is including them in any list,.. those are designed' b'for independent states.' b'' b'\tcairo, egypt (upi) the saudi government ordered the firing and' b'' b'why is this reported from cairo?' b'' b'disbarment of six saudi human rights activists one week after they' b"formed the country's first human rights group, which has been condemned" b"by the kingdom's highest religious authorities, saudi media reported" b'friday.' b'\ttwo saudi-owned, london-based daily newspapers reported the dismissal' b'of five of the activists, who last week formed the committee for the' b'protection of legal rights in the kingdom to hear allegations of human' b'rights abuses.' b'\tthe newspapers said orders were issued to dismiss abdallah al-jabreen' b"from his job with the iftaa department, saudi arabia's highest religious" b'advisory body; hamad al-seleifeh from the eduaction ministry, and' b"mohamed al-muss'eri, abdallah al-hamed and abdallah al-tuwaijri from two" b'universities in riyadh, the saudi capital.' b'\tlicenses to practice as law attorneys were also ordered revoked for' b"suleiman al-marshoudi and al-muss'eri and their law offices and any" b'national branches were ordered closed for the same reason.' b'.....' b'\tsaudi interior minister prince nayef ben abdel aziz, a member of the' b'royal family, rejected criticism of human rights violations in the' b'kingdom.' b'\tin an interview broadcast friday, he said ``nations and organizations' b"... say they protect human rights or demand respect of human rights''" b'but at the same time refuse to intervene in bosnia-herzegovina, where' b'people are ``being killed, raped and destroyed while even barred from' b"carrying arms.''" b"\t``where is the humanity and human rights of which those are talking?''" b'the prince said in the interview broadcast by the saudi-owned, london-' b'based middle east broadcasting center.' b'' b'can somebody teach this man some logic?' b'what is the relationship between a human rights league in saudia' b'and human rights in bosnia, i guess if we wanted to know what is' b'in italy, we should know what is in brasil (syrian joke)' b'' b'\tprince nayef, who controls saudi police and prisons, said the' b"kingdom's enforcement of islamic laws gives his country one of the" b'' b'their claim of following islamic law is the biggest disservice' b'that they ever did to islam.' b'' b'...' b'\tbut hosni amin, executive director of the cairo-based arab' b'organization for human rights, said his group has documented evidence of' b'human rights abuses in saudi arabia. he said the aohr supported the' b'' b'but how about human rights in egypt mr amin?' b'' b'i guess i am fighting on too many fronts, i might retire very soon' b':-))' 