b'' b'it seems that, to keep the peace talks going, israel has to keep' b'making goodwill gesture after goodwill gesture, while palestinian' b'arabs continue to go around hunting jews.' b'' b'you *know* that putting something like this out on the newsgroup is *only*' b'going to generate flames, not discussion. try adding some substance to' b'the issue of "gestures" you mentioned.' b'what is it you feel that israel *has* offered as a "gesture"? what would' b'you (*realistically*) expect to see presented by the arabs/palestinians' b'in the way of "gesture"?' b'' b'timbo, israel has not been recognized as a state by the arabs, except for' b"egypt, of course. isn't that a gesture? what has israel offered?" b'well, it has been calling for peace talks for years, asked for' b'economic relations, and asked for diplomatic ties. what else is there?' b'would you have israel sacrifice its security? nay, i think not.' b'' b'peace,' b'pete' b'' b'yea, i think not also. israel\'s issue is "security" so *any* outcomes' b'of "negotiation" certainly need to address isreal\'s perception of this' b'issue.' b'' b'the problem is is defining (by "outsiders", by israel, and by the arabs' b'themselves) what is the issue to the arab side. is it "palestinian' b'statehood", is it that israel as a state should not and must not be' b'allowed to exist, is it that the existence of a self-governing non-' b'muslim "state" in the "islamic world" is intolerable...what? just as' b'the dividing line between israel-fighting-for-security and israel-fighting-' b'to-expand is often hard to discern by "outsiders" (especially to the arab' b'world), so the rationale behind the arab-struggle-to-undermine-israel-in-' b'any-way could either be based on visceral rejectionism or a sense of being' b'wronged that still values peace, who knows which.' b'' b'anyway, in these talks, what "gestures" would you think would be seen' b'by israel as "substantial"?' b'' b'' b'--' b'tim clock ph.d./graduate student' b'uci tel#: department of politics and society' b'fax#: university of california irvine' b'home tel#: irvine, ca 