b'' b"it looks like ben baz's mind and heart are also blind, not only his eyes." b'i used to respect him, today i lost the minimal amount of respect that' b'i struggled to keep for him.' b'to all muslim netters: this is the same guy who gave a "fatwah" that' b'saudi arabia can be used by the united ststes to attack iraq b'' b'they were attacking the iraqis to drive them out of kuwait,' b'a country whose citizens have close blood and business ties' b'to saudi citizens. and me thinks if the us had not helped out' b'the iraqis would have swallowed saudi arabia, too (or at' b'least the eastern oilfields). and no muslim country was doing' b'much of anything to help liberate kuwait and protect saudi' b'arabia; indeed, in some masses of citizens were demonstrating' b'in favor of that butcher saddam (who killed lotsa muslims),' b'just because he was killing, raping, and looting relatively' b'rich muslims and also thumbing his nose at the west.' b'' b'so how would have *you* defended saudi arabia and rolled' b'back the iraqi invasion, were you in charge of saudi arabia???' b'' b'fatwah is as legitimate as this one. with that kind of "clergy", it might' b'be an islamic duty to separate religion and politics, if religion' b'means "official clergy".' b'' b'i think that it is a very good idea to not have governments have an' b'official religion (de facto or de jure), because with human nature' b'like it is, the ambitious and not the pious will always be the' b'ones who rise to power. there are just too many people in this' b'world (or any country) for the citizens to really know if a' b'leader is really devout or if he is just a slick operator.' b'' b'' b' \tcairo, egypt (upi) the cairo-based arab organization for human' b' rights (aohr) thursday welcomed the establishement last week of the' b' committee for defense of legal rights in saudi arabia and said it was' b' necessary to have such groups operating in all arab countries.' b'' b'you make it sound like these guys are angels, ilyess. (in your' b'clarinet posting you edited out some stuff; was it the following???)' b"friday's new york times reported that this group definitely is" b'more conservative than even sheikh baz and his followers (who' b'think that the house of saud does not rule the country conservatively' b'enough). the nyt reported that, besides complaining that the' b'government was not conservative enough, they have:' b'' b'- asserted that the (approx. shiites in the kingdom' b'are apostates, a charge that under saudi (and islamic) law' b'brings the death penalty.' b'' b"diplomatic guy (sheikh bin jibrin), isn't he ilyess?" b'' b'- called for severe punishment of the or so women who' b'drove in public a while back to protest the ban on' b'women driving. the guy from the group who said this,' b'abdelhamoud al-toweijri, said that these women should' b'be fired from their jobs, jailed, and branded as' b'prostitutes.' b'' b"is this what you want to see happen, ilyess? i've" b'heard many muslims say that the ban on women driving' b"has no basis in the qur'an, the ahadith, etc." b'yet these folks not only like the ban, they want' b'these women falsely called prostitutes?' b'' b"if i were you, i'd choose my heroes wisely," b'ilyess, not just reflexively rally behind' b'anyone who hates anyone you hate.' b'' b'- say that women should not be allowed to work.' b'' b'- say that tv and radio are too immoral in the kingdom.' b'' b'now, the house of saud is neither my least nor my most favorite government' b'on earth; i think they restrict religious and political reedom a lot, among' b'other things. i just think that the most likely replacements' b'for them are going to be a lot worse for the citizens of the country.' b'but i think the house of saud is feeling the heat lately. in the' b"last six months or so i've read there have been stepped up harassing" b'by the muttawain (religious police---*not* government) of western women' b'not fully veiled (something stupid for women to do, imo, because it' b"sends the wrong signals about your morality). and i've read that" b"they've cracked down on the few, home-based expartiate religious" b'gatherings, and even posted rewards in (government-owned) newspapers' b'offering money for anyone who turns in a group of expartiates who' b'dare worship in their homes or any other secret place. so the' b'government has grown even more intolerant to try to take some of' b'the wind out of the sails of the more-conservative opposition.' b"as unislamic as some of these things are, they're just a small" b'taste of what would happen if these guys overthrow the house of' b"saud, like they're trying to in the long run." b'' b'is this really what you (and rached and others in the general' b'west-is-evil-zionists-rule-hate-west-or-you-are-a-puppet crowd)' b'want, ilyess?' b'' b'--' b'dave bakken' b'=="the president is doing a fine job, but the problem is we don\'t know what' b'to do with her husband." james carville (clinton campaign strategist),2/93' b'=="oh, please call daddy. mom\'s far too busy." chelsea to nurse, cspan, 