b'' b'' b'my reference is a page essay in our local star tribute newspaper' b'putting the whole conflict in perspective. i will readily admit' b'that i am no authority in this area; however, other posteers' b'asserted that *some* muslims did join hands with croats and' b'nazis in persecuting serbs. in any case, past actions do not' b'' b'and the best evidence you can find is second hand hearsay from' b'an unnamed source? you may indeed be confusing *some* muslims' b'with nazi armenians. altogether nazi armenians served in' b'various units in the german wehrmacht, according to ara j. berkian.' b'14,000 in predominantly armenian army units, in german army' b'units, in various working units and in the waffen-ss.[1]' b'' b'amazing! how the discussions change from one topic to another b'' b'i really disagree with you. but maybe you know better. here is the' b'issue at hand:' b'' b'' b"'after all, who remembers today the extermination of the tartars?'" b'(adolf hitler, august ruth w. rosenbaum (durusoy),' b'"the turkish holocaust turk soykirimi", p. b'' b'' b'"the crime of systematic cleansing by mass killing and extermination' b'of the muslim population in soviet republic of armenia, karabag,' b"bosnia and herzegovina is an 'islamic holocaust' comparable to the" b'extermination of million muslims by the armenian government' b'during the wwi and of over million european jews during the wwii."' b'(tovfik kasimov azeri leader september b'' b'' b'"today\'s ethnic cleansing policies by the serbian dictatorship against' b'croatians and muslims of yugoslavia, as well as the soviet republic' b"of armenia's against the muslim population of neighboring azerbaijan," b'are really no different in their aspirations than the genocide' b'perpetrated by the armenian government years ago against the' b'turkish and kurdish muslims and sephardic jews living in these' b'lands." (cebbar leygara kurdish leader october b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 