b'' b'' b' by nancy najarian' b'huddled around one measly candle or kerosene lamp in the cold? how to' b'make others feel the isolation of living in a country of million' b'people completely blockaded by hostile neighbors, prevented from' b'receiving adequate supplies of fuel to keep the electric plants' b'running, hospitals open, schools in operation? will anybody' b'' b'a typical armenian revisionist. as in the past in x-soviet armenia,' b'and today in azerbaijan, for utopic and idiotic causes the armenians' b'brought havoc to their neighbors. a short-sighted and misplaced' b'nationalistic fervor with a wrong agenda and anachronistic methods' b'the armenians continue to become pernicious for the region. as usual,' b'they will be treated accordingly by their neighbors. nagorno-karabag' b'is a mountainous enclave that lies completely within azerbaijan with' b'no border or history whatsoever connected to x-soviet armenia. besides' b'the geographical aspect, nagorno-karabag is the historic homeland and' b"the 'cradle' of the artistic and literary heritage of azerbaijan, which" b'renders the armenian claims preposterous, even lunatic. no one in his or' b'her mind could have imagined that one day such a devious turn of event' b'could have plagued the azeris. one cannot even imagine the reverse case' b'to occur, for the armenians either would have slaughtered the azerbaijanis,' b'or put them to forced exile to maintain their own majority. where was she?' b'' b'' b'an appeal to mankind' b'' b'during the last three years azerbaijan and its multinational' b'population are vainly fighting for justice within the limits of' b'the soviet union. all humanitarian, constitutional human rights' b'guaranteed by the un charter, universal declaration of human' b'rights, helsinki agreements, human problems international forums,' b'documents signed by the soviet union all of them are violated.' b'' b"the ussr's president, government bodies do not defend azerbaijan" b'though they are all empowered to take necessary measures to' b'guarantee life and peace.' b'' b"the strong army of armenian terrorists with moscow's" b'tacit consent wages an undeclared war of annihilation against' b'azerbaijan. as a result, a part of azerbaijan has been occupied' b'and annexed, hundreds of people killed, thousands wounded.' b'' b'some azerbaijanis have been brutally and inhumanly' b'deported from the armenian ssr, their historical homeland.' b'together with them russians and kurds have also' b'been driven out, a part of them now settled in azerbaijan.' b'some turkish-meskhetians, lezghins and representatives' b'of other caucasian nationalities who escaped from the central' b'asia where the president and government bodies did not guarantee' b'them the life and peace also suffered from these deportations.' b'' b'one of the scandalous vandalisms directed not only against' b'azerbaijan science but the world civilization as well is the' b"armenian extremists' destruction of the karabakh scientific" b'experimental base of the institute of genetics and selection' b'of the academy of sciences of the azerbaijan ssr.' b'' b'we beg you for humanitarian help and political assistance,' b'for the honour and dignity of million azerbaijanis are' b'violated, its territory, culture and history are trampled,' b'its people are shot. there is persistent negative image of' b'azerbaijanians abroad, and this defamation is spread over' b'the whole world by soviet mass media, armenian lobby in the' b'ussr and the united states.' b'' b'one of the myths is that all events allegedly involves and' b'generated by interethnic collisions and religious intolerance' b'while the truth is that all these shootings and recent' b'events stem from the territorial claims of armenia on' b'azerbaijan.' b'' b'it is a well documented fact that before the conflict there' b'were no frictions between armenians and azerbaijanis on the' b'issue of karabakh. hundreds and thousands armenians placidly' b'and calmly lived and worked in azerbaijan land, had their' b'representatives in all government bodies of the azerbaijan' b'ssr.' b'' b'we are for a united, indivisible, sovereign azerbaijan, we' b'are for a common caucasian home proclaimed in by one' b'of the founding fathers of the azerbaijan democratic' b'republic muhammed emin rasulzade.' b'' b'but all these goals and expectations are trampled upon the' b'soviet leadership in favour of the armenian expansionists' b"encouraged by moscow and intended to create a new b"year reich' the 'great armenia' by annexing the" b'neighboring lands.' b'' b'the world public opinion shed tears to save the whales,' b'suffers for penguins dying out in the antarctic continent.' b'' b'but what about the lives of seven million human beings?' b'if these people are muslims, does it mean that they are' b'less valuable? can people be discriminated by their' b'colour of skin or religion, by their residence or other' b'attributes?' b'' b'all people are brothers, and we appeal to our brothers' b'for help and understanding. this is not the first appeal' b'of azerbaijan to the world public opinion. our previous' b'appeals were unheard. however, we still carry the hope' b'that the truth beyond the russian and armenian propaganda' b'will one day reveal the extent of our suffering and' b'stimulate at least as much help and compassion for' b'azerbaijan as tendered to whales and penguins.' b'' b"the committee for people's help to" b'karabakh (of the) academy of sciences' b'of the azerbaijan ssr' b'' b'' b'"painful search b'' b"the gruesome extent of february's killings of azeris by armenians" b'in the town of hojali is at last emerging in azerbaijan about' b'600 men, women and children dead in the worst outrage of the' b'four-year war over nagorny karabakh.' b'' b'the figure is drawn from azeri investigators, hojali officials' b'and casualty lists published in the baku press. diplomats and aid' b'workers say the death toll is in line with their own estimates.' b'' b'the february attack on hojali by armenian forces was one of' b'the last moves in their four-year campaign to take full control' b'of nagorny karabakh, the subject of a new round of negotiations' b'in rome on monday. the bloodshed was something between a fighting' b'retreat and a massacre, but investigators say that most of the' b'dead were civilians. the awful number of people killed was first' b'suppressed by the fearful former communist government in baku.' b'later it was blurred by armenian denials and grief-stricken' b"azerbaijan's wild and contradictory allegations of up to b'dead.' b'' b'the state prosecuter, aydin rasulov, the cheif investigator of a' b'15-man team looking into what azerbaijan calls the "hojali' b'disaster", said his figure of people dead was a minimum on' b'preliminary findings. a similar estimate was given by elman' b'memmedov, the mayor of hojali. an even higher one was printed in' b'the baku newspaper ordu in may dead people named and more' b'than bodies reported unidentified. this figure of nearly b'dead is quoted as official by leila yunusova, the new spokeswoman' b'of the azeri ministry of defence.' b'' b'francois zen ruffinen, head of delegation of the international' b'red cross in baku, said the muslim imam of the nearby city of' b'agdam had reported a figure of bodies received at his mosque' b'from hojali, most of them civilians. "we did not count the' b'bodies. but the figure seems reasonable. it is no fantasy," mr' b'zen ruffinen said. "we have some idea since we gave the body bags' b'and products to wash the dead."' b'' b'mr rasulov endeavours to give an unemotional estimate of the' b'number of dead in the massacre. "don\'t get worked up. it will' b'take several months to get a final figure," the 43-year-old' b'lawyer said at his small office.' b'' b'mr rasulov knows about these things. it took him two years to' b'reach a firm conclusion that people were killed and b'wounded when soviet troops and tanks crushed a nationalist' b'uprising in baku in january b'' b'those nationalists, the popular front, finally came to power' b'three weeks ago and are applying pressure to find out exactly' b'what happened when hojali, an azeri town which lies about b'miles from the border with armenia, fell to the armenians.' b'' b'officially, people have so far been certified as dead, being' b'the number of people that could be medically examined by the' b'republic\'s forensic department. "this is just a small percentage' b'of the dead," said rafiq youssifov, the republic\'s chief forensic' b'scientist. "they were the only bodies brought to us. remember the' b'chaos and the fact that we are muslims and have to wash and bury' b'our dead within hours."' b'' b'of these people, were women, and were children under b'years old. gunshots killed people, shrapnel killed and' b'axes or blunt instruments killed exposure in the highland' b'snows killed the last three. thirty-three people showed signs of' b'deliberate mutilation, including ears, noses, breasts or penises' b"cut off and eyes gouged out, according to professor youssifov's" b'report. those bodies examined were less than a third of those' b'believed to have been killed, mr rasulov said.' b'' b"files from mr rasulov's investigative commission are still" b'disorganised lists of azeri militiamen are dead here, six' b'policemen there, and in handwriting of a mosque attendant, the' b'names of corpses brought to be washed in just one day. the' b'most heartbreaking account from witnesses interviewed so far' b'comes from towfiq manafov, an azeri investigator who took a' b'helicopter flight over the escape route from hojali on b'february.' b'' b'"there were too many bodies of dead and wounded on the ground to' b'count properly: in hojali, people by the stream' b'and the road and visible around nakhchivanik village," mr' b'manafov wrote in a statement countersigned by the helicopter' b'pilot.' b'' b'"people waved up to us for help. we saw three dead children and' b'one two-year-old alive by one dead woman. the live one was' b'pulling at her arm for the mother to get up. we tried to land but' b'armenians started a barrage against our helicopter and we had to' b'return."' b'' b'there has been no consolidation of the lists and figures in' b'circulation because of the political upheavals of the last few' b'months and the fact that nobody knows exactly who was in hojali' b'at the time many inhabitants were displaced from other villages' b'taken over by armenian forces.' b'' b"the independent, london, b'' b'' b'heroes who fought on amid the bodies' b'' b'aref sadikov sat quietly in the shade of a cafe-bar on the' b'caspian sea esplanade of baku and showed a line of stitches in' b'his trousers, torn by an armenian bullet as he fled the town of' b'hojali just over three months ago, writes hugh pope.' b'' b'"i\'m still wearing the same clothes, i don\'t have any others,"' b'the 51-year-old carpenter said, beginning his account of the' b'hojali disaster. "i was wounded in five places, but i am lucky to' b'be alive."' b'' b'mr sadikov and his wife were short of food, without electricity' b'for more than a month, and cut off from helicopter flights for b'days. they sensed the armenian noose was tightening around the' b'2,000 to people left in the straggling azeri town on the' b'edge of karabakh.' b'' b'"at about 11pm a bombardment started such as we had never heard' b'before, eight or nine kinds of weapons, artillery, heavy' b'machine-guns, the lot," mr sadikov said.' b'' b'soon neighbours were pouring down the street from the direction' b'of the attack. some huddled in shelters but others started' b'fleeing the town, down a hill, through a stream and through the' b'snow into a forest on the other side.' b'' b'to escape, the townspeople had to reach the azeri town of agdam' b'about miles away. they thought they were going to make it,' b'until at about dawn they reached a bottleneck between the two' b'armenian villages of nakhchivanik and saderak.' b'' b'"none of my group was hurt up to then then we were spotted by' b'a car on the road, and the armenian outposts started opening' b'fire," mr sadikov said.' b'' b'azeri militiamen fighting their way out of hojali rushed forward' b'to force open a corridor for the civilians, but their efforts' b'were mostly in vain. mr sadikov said only people from his' b'group of made it through, including his wife and militiaman' b'son. seven of his immediate relations died, including his' b'67-year-old elder brother.' b'' b'"i only had time to reach down and cover his face with his hat,"' b'he said, pulling his own big flat turkish cap over his eyes. "we' b'have never got any of the bodies back."' b'' b'the first groups were lucky to have the benefit of covering fire.' b'one hero of the evacuation, alif hajief, was shot dead as he' b"struggled to change a magazine while covering the third group's" b'crossing, mr sadikov said.' b'' b'another hero, elman memmedov, the mayor of hojali, said he and' b'several others spent the whole day of february in the bushy' b'hillside, surrounded by dead bodies as they tried to keep three' b'armenian armoured personnel carriers at bay.' b'' b'as the survivors staggered the last mile into agdam, there was' b'little comfort in a town from which most of the population was' b'soon to flee.' b'' b'"the night after we reached the town there was a big armenian' b'rocket attack. some people just kept going," mr sadikov said. "i' b'had to get to the hospital for treatment. i was in a bad way.' b'they even found a bullet in my sock."' b'' b'victims of war: an azeri woman mourns her son, killed in the' b'hojali massacre in february (left). nurses struggle in primitive' b'conditions (centre) to save a wounded man in a makeshift' b'operating theatre set up in a train carriage. grief-stricken' b'relatives in the town of agdam (right) weep over the coffin of' b'another of the massacre victims. calculating the final death toll' b'has been complicated because muslims bury their dead within b'hours.' b'' b'photographs: liu heung ap' b'frederique lengaigne reuter' b'' b"the independent, london, b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 