b'' b'' b'' b'' b'how to help palestinian education' b'' b"(from 'educational network', no. april b'publ. by ramallah friends schools, p.o.box b'ramallah, west bank, via israel' b'tel. fax. b'' b'many of our readers have written to us asking how' b'individuals and organizations can help palestinian' b'education. we have compiled a list of suggestions to guide' b'you. if you are interested in pursuing one or more of' b'these suggested activities, the educational network can' b'aid you by /coordinating/ the initial contacts, /following' b'up/, and /providing any other support/ you may need.' b'' b"1. link your teachers' union with a teachers' union here" b'--- linkage should be based on a shared pedagogical' b'enterprise.' b'' b'2. get your union to actively support the right of' b'palestinian teachers in the occupied territories to form' b'unions:' b'' b'a. through the international labor organization (if your' b'union is a member)' b'b. contacting other international unions which have' b'supported our right to form a union we can supply' b'names and addresses.' b'' b'3. establish a scholarship fund for one or more' b'palestinian students to study at a palestinian university' b'or school or establish a scholarship fund for a' b'palestinian student or teacher to study at a university' b'abroad.' b'' b'4. reproduce and publish information about palestinian' b'education:' b'' b'a. for your union membership;' b'b. for the outside community.' b'' b'the educational network can supply up-to-date' b'information and statistics.' b'' b'5. send delegations of teachers to visit the occupied' b'territories during periods when our schools are in' b'session.' b'' b'the network can arrange an itinerary, make hotel and' b'local travel arrangements, and provide a guide for the' b'visit.' b'' b'6. sponsor palestinian teachers to visit your city for an' b'educational tour:' b'' b'a. to see schools and speak with educators in order to' b'learn about progressive pedagogical ideas and' b'experiences;' b'' b'b. to speak about the conditions of palestinian' b'education.' b'' b'the network will coordinate from palestine.' b'' b'7. establish teacher-exchange programs for one year in' b'which a palestinian teacher from a private school teaches' b'at a public or private school abroad while a teacher from' b'that school spends a year in a palestinian private school.' b'' b'8. send an experienced educator to the occupied' b'territories to give workshops (all-day workshops or two-' b'day workshops) on innovative teaching techniques.' b'' b"the network will pay for the person's food, lodging, and" b'travel while in palestine, and will serve as guide.' b'' b'9. set up a pen-pal program with a palestinian school in' b'either english or french.' b'' b'10. set up a sister-school program with a palestinian' b'school which would actively involve teachers as well as' b'students at both schools a great tool for building' b'international understanding and mutual sensitivity.' b'' b'11. keep the educational network informed about' b'important educational conferences so that we can send a' b'palestinian teacher to attend.' b'' b'12. send to the educational network articles or other' b'writings or books dealing with innovative approaches and' b'ideas in the field of education so that we can then' b'disseminate the information locally.' b'' b'13. support an educational development project in the' b'occupied territories.' b'' b'' b'' b'' 