b'' b'' b"you know it is true don't you?" b'' b"well, apparently we have another son of dro 'the butcher' to contend with." b'you should indeed be happy to know that you rekindled a huge discussion on' b'distortions propagated by several of your contemporaries. if you feel' b'that you can simply act as an armenian governmental crony in this forum' b'you will be sadly mistaken and duly embarrassed. this is not a lecture to' b'another historical revisionist and a genocide apologist, but a fact.' b'' b'i will dissect article-by-article, paragraph-by-paragraph, line-by-line,' b'lie-by-lie, revision-by-revision, written by those on this net, who plan' b"to 'prove' that the armenian genocide of million turks and kurds is" b'nothing less than a classic un-redressed genocide. we are neither in' b'x-soviet union, nor in some similar ultra-nationalist fascist dictatorship,' b'that employs the dictates of hitler to quell domestic unrest. also, feel' b'free to distribute all responses to your nearest asala/sdpa/arf terrorists,' b'the armenian pseudo-scholars, or to those affiliated with the armenian' b'criminal organizations.' b'' b'x-soviet armenian government got away with the genocide of million' b'turkish men, women and children and is enjoying the fruits of that genocide.' b"you, and those like you, will not get away with the genocide's cover-up." b'' b'during the first world war and the ensuing years b'the armenians through a premeditated and systematic genocide,' b'tried to complete its centuries-old policy of annihilation against' b'the turks and kurds by savagely murdering million muslims and' b'deporting the rest from their year homeland.' b'' b'the attempt at genocide is justly regarded as the first instance' b'of genocide in the 20th century acted upon an entire people.' b'this event is incontrovertibly proven by historians, government' b'and international political leaders, such as u.s. ambassador mark' b'bristol, william langer, ambassador layard, james barton, stanford' b'shaw, arthur chester, john dewey, robert dunn, papazian, nalbandian,' b'ohanus appressian, jorge blanco villalta, general nikolayef, general' b'bolkovitinof, general prjevalski, general odiselidze, meguerditche,' b'kazimir, motayef, twerdokhlebof, general hamelin, rawlinson, avetis' b'aharonian, dr. stephan eshnanie, varandian, general bronsart, arfa,' b'dr. hamlin, boghos nubar, sarkis atamian, katchaznouni, rachel' b'bortnick, halide edip, mccarthy, w. b. allen, paul muratoff and many' b'others.' b'' b'j. c. hurewitz, professor of government emeritus, former director of' b'the middle east institute columbia university.' b'' b'bernard lewis, cleveland e. dodge professor of near eastern history,' b'princeton university.' b'' b'halil inalcik, university professor of ottoman history member of' b'the american academy of arts sciences, university of chicago.' b'' b'peter golden, professor of history, rutgers university, newark.' b'' b'stanford shaw, professor of history, university of california at' b'los angeles.' b'' b'thomas naff, professor of history director, middle east research' b'institute, university of pennsylvania.' b'' b'ronald jennings, associate professor of history asian studies,' b'university of illinois.' b'' b'howard reed, professor of history, university of connecticut.' b'' b'dankwart rustow, distinguished university professor of political' b'science, city university graduate school, new york.' b'' b'john woods, associate professor of middle eastern history,' b'university of chicago.' b'' b'john masson smith, jr., professor of history, university of' b'california at berkeley.' b'' b'alan fisher, professor of history, michigan state university.' b'' b'avigdor levy, professor of history, brandeis university.' b'' b'andreas g. e. bodrogligetti, professor of history, university of california' b'at los angeles.' b'' b'kathleen burrill, associate professor of turkish studies, columbia university.' b'' b'roderic davison, professor of history, george washington university.' b'' b'walter denny, professor of history, university of massachusetts.' b'' b'caesar farah, professor of history, university of minnesota.' b'' b'tom goodrich, professor of history, indiana university of pennsylvania.' b'' b'tibor halasi-kun, professor emeritus of turkish studies, columbia university.' b'' b'justin mccarthy, professor of history, university of louisville.' b'' b'jon mandaville, professor of history, portland state university (oregon).' b'' b'robert olson, professor of history, university of kentucky.' b'' b'madeline zilfi, professor of history, university of maryland.' b'' b'james stewart-robinson, professor of turkish studies, university of michigan.' b'' b'.......so the list goes on and on and on.....' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 