b'' b'' b"the treatment of armenians by azeri's equals the treatment bosnian" b'muslims are getting from the bosnian serbs.' b'' b"that is the result of living in an alternate universe with 'arromdians'" b"of the asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism triangle. are you '*ians'" b'for real?' b'' b'a final goodbye in azerbaijan:' b'' b'[photo by associated press]: "at a cemetery in agdam, azerbaijan, family' b'members and friends grieved during the burial of victims killed in the' b'fighting in nagorno-karabagh. chingiz iskandarov, right, hugged the' b'coffin containing the remains of his brother, one of the victims. a copy' b'of koran lay atop the coffin."' b'the new york times, b'' b'final embrace b'' b'[photo by associated press]: "chingiz iskenderov, right, weeps over' b'coffin holding the remains of his brother as other relatives grieve' b'at an azarbaijani cemetery yesterday amid burial of victims killed' b'in fighting in nagorno-karabagh."' b'the washington post, b'' b'nagorno-karabagh victims buried in azerbaijani town b'' b'"refugees claim hundreds died in armenian attack...of seven bodies seen' b'here today, two were children and three were women, one shot through' b'the chest at what appeared to be close range. another refugees' b"being treated at agdam's hospital include many with multiple stab" b'wounds."' b'thomas goltz' b'the washington post, b'' b'armenians burn azeri village in new unrest:' b'' b'"armenian guerillas attacked a strategic azeri village...in nagorno-karabagh' b'and burned it to the ground on tuesday, commonwealth television reported.' b'channel one television said the village of malybeili, in the khodzhalin' b'district, was now cut off and a large number of wounded were left stranded.' b'itar-tass news agency said several people were killed and wounded in' b'the attack on the village... tass also said shells fired from armenian' b'villages into the azeri populated town of susha, just miles south of' b'stepenakert, demolished two houses and damaged five others...fierce fighting' b'flared two weeks ago following the crash of an azeri helicopter in karabagh' b'in which people died." (reuters)' b'turkish daily news, b'' b'cis commander pulls troops out of karabagh b'' b'"elif kaban, a reuter correspondent in agdam, reported that after a battle' b'on wednesday, azeris were burying scores of people who died when armenians' b'overran the town of khojaly, the second-biggest azeri settlement in the' b"area. 'the world is turning its back on what's happening here. we are dying" b'and you are just watching,\' one mourner shouted at a group of journalists."' b'helen womack' b'the independent, b'' b'armenian soldiers massacre hundreds of fleeing families:' b'' b'"the attackers killed most of the soldiers and volunteers defending the' b'women and children. they then turned their guns on the terrified refugees.' b"the few survivors later described what happened: 'that's when the real" b"slaughter began,' said azer hajiev, one of the three soldiers to survive." b"'the armenians just shot and shot. and they came in and started carving" b"up people with their bayonets and knives.' a 45-year-old man who had been" b"shot in the back said:' we were walking through the brush. then they opened" b'up on us and people were falling all around. my wife fell, then my child."' b'thomas goltz' b'sunday times, b'' b'armenian raid leaves azeris dead or fleeing:' b'' b'"...about of khojaly\'s people were killed in tuesdays attack.' b'azerbaijani television showed truckloads of corpses being evacuated from' b'the khocaly area."' b'brian killen (reuters)' b'the washington times, b'' b'atrocity reports horrify azerbaijan b'' b'"azeri officials who returned from the seen to this town about nine miles' b'away brought back three dead children, the backs of their heads blown off...' b"'women and children had been scalped,' said assad faradzev, an aide to" b"karabagh's azeri governor. azeri television showed pictures of one" b'truckload of bodies brought to the azeri town of agdam, some with their' b'faces apparently scratched with knives or their eyes gouged out."' b'brian killen (reuters)' b'the washington times, b'' b'massacre by armenians being reported:' b'' b'"the republic of armenia reiterated denials that its militants had' b'killed [azeris]... but dozens of bodies scattered over the' b'area lent credence to azerbaijani reports of a massacre."' b'(reuters)' b'the new york times, b'' b'killings rife in nagorno-karabagh, moldova:' b'' b'"journalists in the area reported seeing dozens of corpses, including some' b'of the civilians, and azerbaijani officials said armenians began shooting' b'at them when they sought to recover the bodies."' b'fred hiatt' b'the washington post, b'' b'bodies mark site of karabagh massacre:' b'' b'"a local truce was enforced to allow the azerbaijanis to collect their dead' b'and any refugees still hiding in the hills and forest. all are the bodies' b'of ordinary people, dressed in the poor, ugly clorhing of workers. of the b'we saw only one policeman and two apparent national volunteers were wearing' b'uniform. all the rest were civilians, including eight women and three small' b'children. two groups, apparently families, had fallen together, the children' b"cradled in the women's arms. several of them, including one small girl, had" b'terrible head injuries: only her face was left. survivors have told how they' b'saw armenians shooting them point blank as they lay on the ground."' b'anatol lieven' b'the times (london), b'' b'karabagh survivors flee to mountains:' b'' b'"geyush gassanov, the deputy mayor of khocaly, said that armenian troops' b'surrounded the town after pm on tuesday. they were accompanied by six' b"or seven light tanks and armoured carriers. 'we thought they would just" b'bombard the village, as they had in the past, and then retreat. but they' b"attacked, and our defence force couldn't do anything against their tanks.'" b'other survivors described how they had been fired on repeatedly on their' b"way through the mountains to safety. 'for two days we crawled most of the" b"way to avoid gunfire,' sukru aslanov said. his daughter was killed in the" b'battle for khodjaly, and his brother and son died on the road."' b'anatol lieven' b'the times (london), b'' b'corpses litter hills in karabagh:' b'' b'"as we swooped low over the snow covered hills of nagorno-karabagh we saw' b'the scattered corpses. apparently, the refugees had been shot down as' b'they ran...suddenly there was a thump...[our azerbaijani helicopter] had' b'been fired on from an armenian anti-aircraft post..."' b'anatol lieven' b'the times (london), b'' b'"police in western azerbaijan said they had recovered the bodies of' b'120 azerbaijanis killed as they fled an armenian assault in the' b'disputed enclave of nagorno-karabagh and said they were blocked from' b'recovering more bodies."' b'the wall street journal, b'' b'exiting troops attacked in nagorno-karabagh:' b'' b'"withdrawal halted; armenians blamed...' b'more video footage and reports from khocaly paint a grim picture of' b'widespread civilian deaths and mutilation...' b'one woman\'s feet appeared to have been bound..."' b'paul quinn-judge' b'the boston globe, b'' b'(to be continued...)' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 