b'' b'' b'by the way, here is the entire paragraph.' b'' b'"we closed the roads and mountain passes that might serve as' b' ways of escape for the tartars and then proceeded in the work' b' of extermination. our troops surrounded village after village.' b' little resistance was offered. our artillery knocked the huts' b' into heaps of stone and dust and when the villages became untenable' b' and inhabitants fled from them into fields, bullets and bayonets' b' completed the work. some of the tartars escaped of course. they' b' found refuge in the mountains or succeeded in crossing the border' b' into turkey. the rest were killed. and so it is that the whole' b' length of the borderland of russian armenia from nakhitchevan to' b' akhalkalaki from the hot plains of ararat to the cold mountain' b' plateau of the north were dotted with mute mournful ruins of' b' tartar villages. they are quiet now, those villages, except for' b' howling of wolves and jackals that visit them to paw over the' b' scattered bones of the dead."' b'' b' ohanus appressian' b' "men are like that"' b' p. b'' b'no, this is the point you invariably miss.' b'' b"don't be so vague. let us reexamine it shall we?" b'' b'this is the entire paragraph:' b'' b'``as the turks had solved the armenian problem in turkey by' b' slaying or driving the armenians out of the country, so' b' we now proceeded to solve the tartar problem in armenia.' b' we closed the roads and mountain passes that might serve as' b' ways of escape for the tartars and then proceeded in the work' b' of extermination. our troops surrounded village after village.' b' little resistance was offered. our artillery knocked the huts' b' into heaps of stone and dust, and when the villages became untenable' b' and inhabitants fled from them into fields, bullets and bayonets' b' completed the work. some of the tartars escaped of course. they' b' found refuge in the mountains or succeeded in crossing the border' b' into turkey. the rest were killed. and so it is that the whole' b' length of the borderland of russian armenia from nakhitchevan to' b' akhalkalaki, from the hot plains of ararat to the cold mountain' b' plateau of the north, were dotted with mute mournful ruins of' b' tartar villages. they are quiet now, those villages, except for' b' howling of wolves and jackals that visit them to paw over the' b' scattered bones of the dead."' b'' b" ohanus appressian, from l. r. hartill, ``men are like that,''" b' the bobbs-merrill company, london, p. b'' b'here you descend into total inanity. your inability to distinguish' b"between 'the cold-blooded genocide of muslim people by the armenians'" b"and 'the armenian war' is incredible. now, please provide us with your" b'corrections.' b'' b'source: stanford j. shaw, on armenian collaboration with invading russian' b'armies in "history of the ottoman empire and modern turkey (volume' b'ii: reform, revolution republic: the rise of modern turkey, b'(london, cambridge university press pp. b'' b'"in april dashnaks from russian armenia organized a revolt in the city' b'of van, whose armenians comprised percent of the population,' b'closest to an armenian majority of any city in the empire...leaving erivan' b'on april armenian volunteers reached van on may and organized' b'and carried out a general slaughter of the local muslim population during' b'the next two days."' b'' b'"knowing their numbers would never justify their territorial ambitions,' b'armenians looked to russia and europe for the fulfillment of their aims.' b'armenian treachery in this regard culminated at the beginning of the first' b'world war with the decision of the revolutionary organizations to refuse' b'to serve their state, the ottoman empire, and to assist instead other' b'invading russian armies. their hope was their participation in the russian' b'success would be rewarded with an independent armenian state carved out of' b'ottoman territories. armenian political leaders, army officers, and common' b'soldiers began deserting in droves."' b'' b'"with the russian invasion of eastern anatolia in at the beginning of' b"world war i, the degree of armenian collaboration with the ottoman's enemy" b'increased drastically. ottoman supply lines were cut by guerilla attacks,' b'armenian revolutionaries armed armenian civil populations, who in turn' b'massacred the muslim population of the province of van in anticipation of' b'expected arrival of the invading russian armies."' b'' b'"...meanwhile, czar nicholas ii himself came to the caucasus to make final' b'plans for cooperation with the armenians against the ottomans, with the' b'president of the armenian national bureau in tiflis declaring in response:' b'' b"'from all countries armenians are hurrying to enter the ranks of the" b'glorious russian army, with their blood to serve the victory of russian' b'arms...let the russian flag wave freely over the dardanelles and the' b'bosporus. let, with your will, great majesty, the peoples remaining' b'under the turkish yoke receive freedom. let the armenian people of turkey' b'who have suffered for the faith of christ receive resurrection for a new' b"free life under the protection of russia.'[155]" b'' b'armenians again flooded into the czarist armies. preparations were made' b'to strike the ottomans from the rear, and the czar returned to st. petersburg' b'confident that the day finally had come for him to reach istanbul."' b'' b'[155] horizon, tiflis, november quoted by hovannisian, "road to' b'independence," p. fo b'' b'"ottoman morale and military position in the east were seriously hurt, and' b'the way was prepared for a new russian push into eastern anatolia, to be' b'accompanied by an open armenian revolt against the sultan.[156]"' b'' b'[156] hovannisian, "road to independence," pp. bayur, iii/1,' b'pp. w.e.d. allen and p. muratoff, "caucasian battlefields,"' b'cambridge, pp. ali ihsan sabis, "harb hahralaram," vols.,' b'ankara, ii, fo no. fo fo nos.' b'46942 and b'' b'"an armenian state was organized at van under russian protection, and it' b'appeared that with the muslim natives dead or driven away, it might be' b'able to maintain itself at one of the oldest centers of ancient armenian' b"civilization. an armenian legion was organized 'to expel the turks from" b'the entire southern shore of the lake in preparation for a concerted' b"russian drive into the bitlis vilayet.'[162] thousands of armenians from" b'mus and other major centers in the east began to flood into the new' b'armenian state...by mid-july there were as many as armenians' b'crowded into the van area, which before the crisis had housed and fed' b'no more than people, muslim and non-muslim alike.[163]"' b'' b'[162] hovannisian, "road to independence," p. fop nos. and' b'58350.' b'' b'[163] bva, meclis-i vukela mazbatalari, debates of august b'babi-i ali evrak odasi, no. "van ihtilali ve katl-i ami,"' b'zilkade september b'' b"as you point out above, the original quote used the term ``tartars,''" b"as distinct from ``turks,'' but you perhaps feel free to make these" b'minor adjustments in the name of truth.' b'' b'i went through this just a few weeks ago; here it comes again. the' b'entire turkish population of armenia (which armenians called tartars)' b'constituted at least about of the total population of armenia' b'was deliberately exterminated. (for the population statistics, please' b'look to the book of richard hovannessian, "armenia on the road to' b'independence.") i listed three books earlier of such a monstrous crime' b'by the writings of one armenian, one american, and one british. they' b'are: "men are like that" by leonard r. hartill; "adventures in the near' b'east" by a. rawlinson; "world alive, a personal story" by robert dunn.' b'also, i personally have copies of documents of this crime by the writings' b'of two armenians and also one american. the official british report about' b'this massacre mentioned in one of these documents (lord curzon-aharonin' b'interview) is the report of the british high commissioner to caucasia,' b'sir oliver wardrop.' b'' b'' b'"an appropriate analogy with the jewish holocaust might be the' b'systematic extermination of the entire muslim population of' b'the independent republic of armenia which consisted of at' b'least percent of the population of that republic. the' b'memoirs of an armenian army officer who participated in and' b'eye-witnessed these atrocities was published in the u.s. in' b'1926 with the title \'men are like that.\' other references abound."' b'(rachel a. bortnick the jewish times june b'' b'need i go on?' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 