b'' b'' b' come again? the image-conscious armenians sorely feel a missing' b' glory in their background. armenians have never achieved statehood' b' and independence, they have always been subservient, and engaged' b' in undermining schemes against their rulers. they committed' b' genocide against the muslim populations of eastern anatolia' b' and x-soviet armenia before and during world war i and fully' b' participated in the extermination of the european jewry' b' during world war ii. belligerence, genocide, back-stabbing,' b' rebelliousness and disloyalty have been the hallmarks of the' b' armenian history. to obliterate these episodes the armenians' b' engaged in tailoring history to suit their whims. in this zeal' b' they tried to cover up the cold-blooded genocide of million' b' turks and kurds before and during world war i.' b' source: documents: volume i b' "document no: archive no: cabin no: drawer' b' no: file no: section no: contents no: b' (to 36th division command militia commander ismail hakki)' b'' b'your note was not on target at all. armenians have had many independent' b'times in their long and beautiful history. including an independent' b'' b"your ignorance is hardly characteristic of most '*ians'. sarkis atamian" b"explains in his book called 'the armenian community, new york b"philosophical library' that, according to historians, original fatherland" b'of the armenians was in thessaly, greece. armenian invaders burned and' b'sacked the fatherland of urartus, massacred and exterminated its population' b'and presented to the world all those left from the urartus, as the armenian' b'civilization. all reliable western historians describe how armenians' b'ruthlessly exterminated million muslim women, children and elderly' b'people of eastern anatolia and how they collaborated with the enemies of' b'the muslim people between it is unfortunately a truth that' b'armenians are known as collaborators of the nazis during world war ii' b'and that, even today, criminal members of the asala/sdpa/arf terrorism' b'triangle preach and instigate racism, hatred, violence and terrorism' b'among peoples.' b'' b'please tell me how on earth armenians fully participated in the genocide' b'of jews during wwii, are you on some heavy drugs?' b'' b"who says 'arromdians' are no damn good? during world war ii armenians" b'were carried away with the german might and cringing and fawning over' b'the nazis. in that zeal, the armenian publication in germany, hairenik,' b'carried statements as follows:[1]' b'' b'"sometimes it is difficult to eradicate these poisonous elements (the jews)' b'when they have struck deep root like a chronic disease, and when it' b'becomes necessary for a people (the nazis) to eradicate them in an uncommon' b'method, these attempts are regarded as revolutionary. during the surgical' b'operation, the flow of blood is a natural thing."' b'' b'now for a brief view of the armenian genocide of the muslims and jews b'extracts from a letter dated december published in the san' b'francisco chronicle, as an answer to a letter that had been published' b'in the same journal under the signature of one b. amarian.' b'' b'"we have first hand information and evidence of armenian atrocities' b'against our people (jews). members of our family witnessed the' b'murder of members of our family near erzurum, turkey, by armenian' b'neighbors, bent on destroying anything and anybody remotely jewish' b'and/or muslim. armenians should look to their own history and see' b'the havoc they and their ancestors perpetrated upon their neighbors.' b'armenians were in league with hitler in the last war, on his premise' b'to grant themselves government if, in return, the armenians would' b'help exterminate jews. armenians were also hearty proponents of' b'the anti-semitic acts in league with the russian communists."' b'' b'signed elihu ben levi, vacaville, california.' b'' b"[1] james g. mandalian, 'dro, drastamat kanayan,' in the 'armenian" b"review,' a quarterly by the hairenik association, inc., summer:" b'june vol. x, no. b'' b'and stick around...' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 