b'' b'' b'nice strategy sedar, maybe if you can make up so many stories about what' b'happened in wwi you will confuse everybody into forgetting the armenian' b'' b'ah, those poor genocide apologists. such quaintly charming habits of the' b'armenian barbarism and fascism. no swinging of lies will be enough to cover' b'up the crimes of the x-soviet armenian government. not a chance. now let' b'the kurdish scholars speak for themselves.' b'' b'source: hassan arfa, "the kurds," (london, pp. b'' b'"when the russian armies invaded turkey after the sarikamish disaster' b'of their columns were preceded by battalions of irregular' b'armenian volunteers, both from the caucasus and from turkey. one of' b'these was commanded by a certain andranik, a blood-thirsty adventurer.' b'these armenian volunteers committed all kinds of excesses, more' b'than six hundred thousand kurds being killed between and in' b'the eastern vilayets of turkey."' b'' b'sources: (the ottoman state, the ministry of war), "islam ahalinin' b'ducar olduklari mezalim hakkinda vesaike mustenid malumat," (istanbul, b'the french version: "documents relatifs aux atrocites commises par les armeniens' b'sur la population musulmane," (istanbul, in the latin script: h. k.' b'turkozu, ed., "osmanli ve sovyet belgeleriyle ermeni mezalimi," (ankara,' b'1982). in addition: z. basar, ed., "ermenilerden gorduklerimiz," (ankara,' b'1974) and, edited by the same author, "ermeniler hakkinda makaleler b'derlemeler," (ankara, "askeri tarih belgeleri vol. b'(december document numbered b'"askeri tarih belgeleri vol. (december document' b'numbered b'' b'"those who were capable of fighting were taken away at the very beginning' b'with the excuse of forced labor in road construction, they were taken' b'in the direction of sarikamis and annihilated. when the russian army' b'withdrew, a part of the remaining people was destroyed in armenian' b'massacres and cruelties: they were thrown into wells, they were locked' b'in houses and burned down, they were killed with bayonets and swords, in places' b'selected as butchering spots, their bellies were torn open, their lungs' b'were pulled out, and girls and women were hanged by their hair after' b'being subjected to every conceivable abominable act. a very small part' b'of the people who were spared these abominations far worse than the' b'cruelty of the inquisition resembled living dead and were suffering' b'from temporary insanity because of the dire poverty they had lived' b'in and because of the frightful experiences they had been subjected to.' b'including women and children, such persons discovered so far do not' b'exceed one thousand five hundred in erzincan and thirty thousand in' b'erzurum. all the fields in erzincan and erzurum are untilled, everything' b'that the people had has been taken away from them, and we found them' b'in a destitute situation. at the present time, the people are subsisting' b'on some food they obtained, impelled by starvation, from russian storages' b'left behind after their occupation of this area."' b'' b'' b'source: "adventures in the near east" by a. rawlinson, jonathan cape,' b'30 bedford square, london, (first published pages).' b'(memoirs of a british officer who witnessed the armenian genocide of b'million muslim people)' b'' b'p. (second paragraph)' b'' b'"i had received further very definite information of horrors that' b'had been committed by the armenian soldiery in kars plain, and as' b'i had been able to judge of their want of discipline by their' b'treatment of my own detached parties, i had wired to tiflis from' b"zivin that 'in the interests of humanity the armenians should not" b'be left in independent command of the moslem population, as, their' b'troops being without discipline and not under effective control,' b'atrocities were constantly being committed, for which we should' b'with justice eventually be held to be morally responsible\'."' b'' b'p. (third paragraph)' b'' b'"armenian troops, who, having pillaged and destroyed all the' b'moslem villages in the plain...."' b'' b'"caravans of refugees were in the meanwhile constantly arriving from the' b'plain, from which the whole moslem population was fleeing with as much of' b'their personal property as they could transport, seeking to obtain security' b'and protection..."' b'' b'p. (first paragraph)' b'' b'"in those moslem villages in the plain below which had been searched' b'for arms by the armenians everything had been taken under the cloak of' b'such search, and not only had many moslems been killed, but horrible' b'tortures had been inflicted in the endeavour to obtain information as' b'to where valuables had been hidden, of which the armenians were aware' b'of the existence, although they had been unable to find them."' b'' b'p. (first paragraph)' b'' b'"the armenians from the plain were attacking the kurdish line with' b'artillery, with probably a large force in support."' b'' b'p. (first paragraph)' b'' b'"the arrival of this british brigade was followed by the announcement' b'that kars province had been allotted by the supreme council of the' b'allies to the armenians, and that announcement having been made, the' b'british troops were then completely withdrawn, and armenian occupation' b'commenced. hence all the trouble; for the armenians at once commenced' b'the wholesale robbery and persecution of the muslem population on the' b'pretext that it was necessary forcibly to deprive them of their arms.' b'in the portion of the province which lies in the plains they were able' b'to carry out their purpose, and the manner in which this was done will' b'be referred to in due course."' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 