b'' b'' b'elias davidsson writes...' b'' b'ed dear pete,' b'ed' b'ed for one who is so zionist as you, you should at least know your' b'ed hebrew, young man.' b'ed' b'ed the last sentence in your posting should read:' b'ed' b'ed medina achat leshnai amim (not echad medionnot leshtai amim).' b'ed' b"ed i don't want to address your comments. they speak for themselves." b'ed' b'ed best regards from a palestinian of jewish origin who talks, reads and writes' b'ed hebrew and does not hate jews nor anybody else.' b'ed' b'ed elias' b'' b'the above claim that you do not hate anybody may not be quite' b'true. the falsity of this statement is easily visible in the' b'intellectual corruption that dominates everything you post in' b'this group. your complete lack of objectivity toward israel,' b'and jewish identity in general, reveal biases that indicate a' b'great steaming heap of hatred!' b'' b'you certainly have shown a genuine hatred for honesty and for' b'objectivity. you repeatedly post items or quotes removed from' b'their original context so that they can be used to further an' b'agenda of rabid opposition to the very existence of israel.' b'' b'you have used this dishonest technique to paint a false image' b"of several israeli leaders. i can't say if you actually hate" b'these leaders, but the lies and misrepresentations of them do' b'suggest that you have a visceral prejudice against them.' b'' b'so, while you claim that you do not hate anybody, there is an' b'ample body of evidence to suggest that this claim of yours is' b'false. it is obvious that you hate israel, and it is evident' b'that you hate the jewish people.' b'' b'and, if you are jewish, you are a self-hating jew. there can' b'be no doubt of this. although you will call upon your jewish' b'background in an effort to claim the high moral ground, there' b'is no doubt that you would like to see the jewish people fade' b'away completely, as a people. your advocacy of intermarriage' b'for the purpose of dissolving the jewish people is proof that' b'you hate the jewish people.' b'' b'and by your effort to superimpose the meaninglessness of your' b"own jewishness on all jews, you've clearly demonstrated to me" b'that you hate yourself.' b'' b'* b'' b'"who is a jew? a person whose integrity decays when unmoved' b'by the knowledge of wrong done to other people."' b'' b'a. j. heschel' b'' 