b'' b'' b'i suspect it might have to do with pan-turkism blinding certain people.' b'' b"you don't get it do you? during the years of world war i, the x-soviet" b"armenian government has planned and perpetrated the 'genocide' of the" b'muslim people, which not only took the lives of million muslim people,' b'but was also the method used to empty the turkish homeland of its inhabitants.' b'to this day, turkish historic lands remain occupied by the x-soviet armenia.' b'in order to cover up the fact of its usurpation of the historic turkish' b'homeland, which is the crux of turkish political demands, fascist x-soviet' b'armenia continues its anti-turkish policy in the following ways:' b'' b'1. x-soviet armenia denies the historical fact of the turkish genocide' b'in order to shift international public opinion away from its political' b'responsibility.' b'' b'2. x-soviet armenia, employing asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism' b'triangle, attempts to call into question the veracity of the turkish' b'genocide.' b'' b'3. x-soviet armenia has also implemented state-sponsored terrorism through' b'the asala/sdpa/arf terrorism and revisionism triangle in an attempt to' b"silence the turkish people's vehement demands and protests." b'' b'4. using all its human, financial, and governmental resources, x-soviet' b'armenia and its tools in the united states attempt to silence through' b'terrorism, bribery and other subversive methods, non-turkish supporters' b'of the turkish cause, be they political, governmental and humanitarian.' b'' b'using all the aforementioned methods, the x-soviet armenian government' b'is attempting to neutralize the international diplomatic community from' b'making the turkish case a contemporary issue.' b'' b'yet despite the efforts of the x-soviet armenian government and its' b'terrorist and revisionist organizations, in the last decades, thanks' b'to the struggle of those whose closest ones have been systematically' b'exterminated by the armenians, the international wall of silence on' b'this issue has begun to collapse, and consequently a number of' b'governments and organizations have become supportive of the recognition' b'of the turkish genocide.' b'' b'with the full knowledge that the struggle for the turkish territorial' b'demands are still in their initial stages, the turkish and kurdish people' b'will unflaggingly continue in this sacred struggle, therefore the victims' b'of the turkish genocide demand:' b'' b'1. that the x-soviet armenian government, as the heirs of the armenian' b'dictatorship, recognize the turkish genocide;' b'' b'2. that x-soviet armenia return the historic homeland to the turkish and' b'kurdish people;' b'' b'3. that the x-soviet armenian government make material reparations for' b'their heinous and unspeakable crime to the victims of the turkish genocide;' b'' b'4. that all world governments, and especially the united states, officially' b'recognize the turkish genocide and turkish territorial rights and refuse' b'to succumb to all armenian political pressure;' b'' b'5. that the u.s. government free itself from the friendly position it' b'has adopted towards its unreliable ally, x-soviet armenia, and officially' b'recognize the historical fact of the turkish genocide as well as be' b'supportive of the pursuit of turkish territorial demands;' b'' b'6. that the x-soviet republics officially recognize the historical fact' b'of the turkish genocide and include the cold-blooded extermination of' b'2.5 million muslim people in their history books.' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 