b'' b'' b"answer: don't ask. don't even think about it. just put this line into your" b'global kill file:' b'' b'well, does it change the fact that during the period of to b'the armenian government ordered, incited, assisted and participated' b'in the genocide of million muslim people because of race, religion' b'and national origin?' b'' b'between and million turks perished of butchery at the' b'hands of armenians. the genocide involved not only the killing of' b'innocents but their forcible deportation from the russian armenia.' b'they were persecuted, banished, and slaughtered while much of ottoman' b'army was engaged in world war i. the genocide treaty defines genocide' b'as acting with a' b'' b"'specific intent to destroy, in whole or in substantial part, a" b"national, ethnic, racial or religious group.'" b'' b'history shows that the x-soviet armenian government intended to eradicate' b'the muslim population. million turks and kurds were exterminated by the' b'armenians. international diplomats in ottoman empire at the time including' b"u.s. ambassador bristol denounced the x-soviet armenian government's policy" b'as a massacre of the kurds, turks, and tartars. the blood-thirsty leaders of' b'the x-soviet armenian government at the time personally involved in the' b'extermination of the muslims. the turkish genocide museums in turkiye honor' b'those who died during the turkish massacres perpetrated by the armenians.' b'' b'the eyewitness accounts and the historical documents established,' b'beyond any doubt, that the massacres against the muslim people' b'during the war were planned and premeditated. the aim of the policy' b'was clearly the extermination of all turks in x-soviet armenian' b'territories.' b'' b'the muslims of van, bitlis, mus, erzurum and erzincan districts and' b'their wives and children have been taken to the mountains and killed.' b'the massacres in trabzon, tercan, yozgat and adana were organized and' b'perpetrated by the blood-thirsty leaders of the x-soviet armenian' b'government.' b'' b'the principal organizers of the slaughter of innocent muslims were' b'dro, antranik, armen garo, hamarosp, daro pastirmadjian, keri,' b'karakin, haig pajise-liantz and silikian.' b'' b'source: "bristol papers", general correspondence: container bristol' b'to bradley letter of september b'' b'"i have it from absolute first-hand information that the armenians in' b'the caucasus attacked tartar (turkish) villages that are utterly' b'defenseless and bombarded these villages with artillery and they murder' b'the inhabitants, pillage the village and often burn the village."' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 