b'' b'' b'this is a very impotant update, i will omit just a few lines, and add' b'some "overhead" for the sake of the copyright b'' b'i say despite all the bad news for muslims around the world, things are' b'shaping up very well, a lot of killings might happen in the near future,' b'though (as if bosnia is not a lot).' b'right now, i feel like saying what martillo said "the stage is set".' b"i don't think that things will be the same in ten year," b'on the pessimistic/realistic side, we can only see the stage set for more' b'wars imposed on our people, and governments being remote controlled.' b'to fight each other and to oppress their own people, but i am confident' b'they will all fall:' b'i venture to list the order: sudan/yemen alliance, algeria/libya in years,' b'tunisia one year later but egypt may face direct colonization very soon to' b'prevent an islamic government which might take over after egypt attacks' b'sudan and is envolved in atrocities there as it fails to achieve' b'victory. meanwhile saudia faces a civil war and goes to war' b'with yemen/sudan over it, the new north african' b'alliance (algeria/tun/libya) goes to war with morocco who attacks it.' b'u.s/france involved everywhere but cannot concentrate on one place,' b'especially that syria/jordan/iraq have to be kept under control.' b'' b'after the cloud clears, i do not know what the end result will be,' b'' b'o.k back to reality:' b'' b'cairo, egypt (upi) the cairo-based arab organization for human' b'rights (aohr) sunday called on king fahd of saudi arabia to order the' b"release of members of the kingdom's first human rights group." b'' b'.....' b'\tamong those group wants released was mohamed ben abdullah al masaari,' b'spokesman of the committee for the defense of legitimate rights (cdlr).' b'al masaari was arrested just before dawn saturday at his residence in' b"riyadh's king faisal university, where he worked as a physics professor," b'human rights and media sources reported.' b'the media reports said saudi security forces also seized' b'publications, books, correspondence and other documents and papers from' b"al masaari's residence. he was reportedly taken to an unknown" b'destination.' b'the london-based liberty human rights group claimed that the other' b'five members who together with al massari formed cdlr on may were' b'summoned for police questioning and might have been detained as well.' b'on thursday, the saudi government ordered the firing and disbarment' b'of the six activists because they established the group urging people in' b'the kingdom with grievances to report to cdlr.' b'\tfour of the activists were sacked from their positions with two' b'state-run saudi universities and two government departments, and two' b"lawyers, including al masaari's father, were disbarred and their law" b'offices were closed, the aohr said.' b'\tthe other lawyer, suleiman al rashoudi, was described by aohr as the' b'first ever to practice law in the kingdom.' b'\taohr also claimed that about other people might have been' b'arrested around the country in connection with the cdlr. they were' b"apparently people who have either responded to the group's call for" b'reports on grievances or others closely linked to the founders.' b'\tsaudi authorities were reported to have also been angered by reports' b'that al masaari and others have met with u.s. diplomats based in riyadh.' b'........' b"\tthe kingdom's highest religious authority, the higher council of" b'ulema (muslim scholars), wednesday condemned the creation of the rights' b'group as illegal and unnecessary and warned of what it called' b"``regrettable ramifications'' the establishment of cdlr could have." b'\taohr, whose report listed human rights violations in saudi' b"arabia, criticized the ulema's position and argued that the kingdom's" b'islamic laws and courts did not preclude the creation of human rights' b'groups.' 