b'' b'' b'nationality is a recent invention of the western europe. in the' b'days of the ottoman empire, the religion was the main point of' b"difference between social classes. the ottomans didn't recognize" b'turks, arabs, greeks, serbs... just christians, muslims, jews...' b'' b'pardon me? your ignorance cramps my conversation. although the administrative' b"mechanism was a strictly centralized one, the ottoman empire 'was a classical" b"example of a pluralist social order.' the 'millet system' was the mechanism" b'which shaped the social order of the multi-national ottoman empire and stood' b'behind its continuity. as a matter of fact, because islamic principles' b'were in force in the ottoman empire, it was natural to use religious' b'criteria to differentiate among the various communities which constituted' b"the empire. the 'millet' system began to be based on ethnicity in the" b'19th century under the influence of nationalism. sousa writes of the' b'existence of thirteen communities in the ottoman empire in addition to' b"the muslim 'millet' in these were: greeks attached to the" b'orthodox patriarchate in istanbul; catholics or latins who were' b'remnants of genoese and venetian merchants; gregorian armenians' b'attached to a patriarchate in istanbul; catholic armenians; syrian' b'catholics attached to a patriarchate in mardin; chaldean catholics' b'attached to a patriarchate in mosul; syrian jacobites attached to a' b'patriarchate in mardin; protestants; melchites attached to a' b'patriarchate in damascus; hebrews of two rites; bulgarian' b'catholics attached to the bulgarian exarch; maronites; and b'nestorians.[1] scholars who studied the pluralistic social structure' b'outlined briefly above, concluded that the social order of the ottoman' b"empire fit the framework of the 'mosaics theory.'[2]" b'' b'[1] n. sousa, "the capitulatory regime of turkey, its history, origin and' b'nature," (baltimore, b'[2] c. s. coon, caravan: "the story of the middle east," (new york, b'p. and h. a. r. gibb/h. bowen, "islamic society and the west: a' b'study of the impact of western civilization on moslem culture in the' b'near east," (oxford, b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 