b'' b"it looks like ben baz's mind and heart are also blind, not only his eyes." b'i used to respect him, today i lost the minimal amount of respect that' b'i struggled to keep for him.' b'to all muslim netters: this is the same guy who gave a "fatwah" that' b'saudi arabia can be used by the united ststes to attack iraq b'' b'they were attacking the iraqis to drive them out of kuwait,' b'a country whose citizens have close blood and business ties' b'to saudi citizens. and me thinks if the us had not helped out' b'the iraqis would have swallowed saudi arabia, too (or at' b'least the eastern oilfields). and no muslim country was doing' b'much of anything to help liberate kuwait and protect saudi' b'arabia; indeed, in some masses of citizens were demonstrating' b'in favor of that butcher saddam (who killed lotsa muslims),' b'just because he was killing, raping, and looting relatively' b'rich muslims and also thumbing his nose at the west.' b'' b'the whole "saddam is going to invade saudi arabia" was nothing but us state' b'department propeganda. saddam (and iraq in general) never recognised the' b'british created kuwait. they were trying to recover land they believed' b'was theirs, much like the argentines in the faulklands. the kuwaitis pushed' b"just a little too far by taking iraqi oil and saddam thought he'd settle" b'the dispute the old fashioned way...' b'everybody would have been much better off had they left the reunited iraq' b'together and concentrated on taking out saddam. a strong, united iraq with' b'an elected government would have gone a long way to ridding the world of' b'the feudal dictatorships in the gulf.' b'but of course a weak divided arab people better suits us foriegn policy...' b'' b'the us had no problem killing tens of thousands of ill-equipted iraqi soldiers,' b'including burying several thousand alive and slaughtering retreating batallions' b'from the air in defense of kuwaiti oil, but it has yet to lift a finger against' b'bosnian serbs while they slaughter bosnian muslims....' b'' b'' b'' 