b'' b'' b' during the period of to the armenian government' b' ordered, incited, assisted and participated in the genocide of million' b' muslim people because of race, religion and national origin? the x-soviet' b'' b"my gosh!!! sedar, what armenian government??? armenia didn't even become" b'' b"no wonder you clown are in such a mess. let's take sarkis atamian's (an" b'armenian dashnak sociolog) book, "the armenian community", pages and' b'105. atamian quotes:' b'' b'"... the immediate question concerned itself with the organization and' b'tactics of revolution. the liberation of armenia, the immediate aim of' b'the party, was to be attained by:' b'' b'1. oral and written propaganda.' b'2. terrorism both as punishment against the enemy and as a measure' b'of self defense.' b'3. the creation of an avant-garde of revolutionary groups to be' b'equipped and prepared for action when other nations were prepared' b'for a general uprising.' b'4. the organization of larger committees to be in constant contact with' b'each other and subject to a central body.' b'5. organization of units of guerilla fighters."' b'' b"now, on page atamian's book quotes of armenian constitution:" b'' b'"... if the means was revolution, how was the revolution to be attained?' b'by:' b'' b'1. propaganda' b'2. preparation of combat units and their indoctrination' b'3. encouragement of the revolutionary morale of the people' b'4. the arming of the people' b'5. organization of revolutionary committees' b'6. espionage throughout the country and the exchange of information with' b'the official bodies and journals' b'7. organization of financial zones for public collection' b"8. 'fighting and using' the weapon of the terror on corrupt government" b'officers, spies, traitors, grafters, and all sorts of oppressors' b'9. defense of the people against attacks from the brigandry' b'10. building of roads for the transport of arms' b'11. wrecking and looting of governmental institutions."' b'' b'many of the recent armenian terrorist acts against the turkish people' b'were committed by the brainwashed members of the "tzeghagron", namely,' b'"race-worshipers" of the dashnag youth organization. ironically, again,' b'tzeghagron was set up by an undisputed armenian nazi, karekin nejdeh,' b'in (see atamian, loc cit, page b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' 