b'' b'excerpts from netnews.talk.politics.mideast: 16-may-93 re: saudi' b'' b'the whole "saddam is going to invade saudi arabia" was nothing but us state' b'department propeganda. saddam (and iraq in general) never recognised the' b'british created kuwait.' b'' b'this is complete garbage. it is kuwait faq number (maintained, but' b'not compiled, by me to rebut the leftist drivel frequently posted wrt' b'kuwait):' b'' b'------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b'first is a note on the bogus arguments that the british' b'drew the maps to deprive iraq of oil. then follows a' b"chronology of events in kuwait's history. following" b'the chronology is a speech by the kuwaiti ambassador' b'to the u.n.. following this is an article on the origins' b'of kuwait. following this is a series of articles' b'which attest to the fact that kuwait was independent of both' b'(non-existent) iraq and the ottoman empire.' b'' b'---' b'' b'the iraqi regime claims that kuwait was cut from iraq by the british' b'in order to deprive iraq of its oil. the and border treaties' b'between kuwait and iraq represent clear testimonies against such an' b'allegation since oil was discovered in kuwait in b'' b'---' b'' b'kuwait: a chronology' b'' b'[bc the hellens settled in al-khazna hill area on failaka' b'island.' b'' b"[529] al-monzer bin-ma'a al-sama'a defeated al-hareth al-kindi in" b'the kuwaiti area of wara.' b'' b'[300] the greeks lived on failaka island for two centuries.' b'' b'[73] a royal message was inscribed on the ikarus stone which is' b'now on view in the national museum of kuwait.' b'' b'[ad the arabs defeated the persians at the battle of zat' b'al-salassel in the kazima area.' b'' b'[1672] the approximate date of the establishment of kuwait town' b'when barrak was the amir of the beni khaled tribe.' b'' b'[1711] approximately when the al-sabah family arrived in kuwait.' b'' b'[1752] the approximate date of the election of sabah bin jaber' b'from the al-sabah family to be the first ruler of kuwait.' b'' b'[1760] the first wall, meters long, was built around kuwait' b'city.' b'' b'[1762] abdulla bin sabah, the second ruler of kuwait, came to' b'power.' b'' b'[1765] c. niebuhr, the danish traveler, visited kuwait which he' b"referred to on his map as ``grane.''" b'' b'[1773] kuwait was attacked by an epidemic and most of its' b'inhabitants died.' b'' b"[1783] the kuwaitis defeated the tribe of bani k'ab in the sea" b'battle of riqqa.' b'' b'[1811] the second wall of kuwait, meters long, was built.' b'' b"[1871] the al-taba'ah accident, in which many kuwaiti diving" b'ships were sunk, was caused by a massive tidal wave between india and' b'muscat.' b'' b'[1886] the first kuwaiti currency was minted in copper during the' b'reign of sheikh abdulla al-sabah ii.' b'' b'[1899] kuwait signs a treaty with britain and becomes a protectorate.' b'(see note below)' b'' b'[1911] december al-mubarakiya school, the first formal' b'school in kuwait, opened.' b'' b'[1920] the third wall of kuwait, meters long, was built.' b'' b'[1921] kuwait took the first step toward democracy, the formation' b'of a consultative council, but did not last for long.' b'' b'[1922] the total number of kuwaiti pearl diving boats reached' b'800, manned by over sailors and divers.' b'' b'[1922] the first public library in kuwait was established.' b'' b'[1926] the historian abdul aziz al-rasheed published the first' b'book on kuwait.' b'' b"[1928] kuwait's first periodical, the ``kuwaiti magazine,'' was" b'published by abdul aziz al-rasheed.' b'' b'[1930] kuwait municipality was established.' b'' b'[1930] an amiri decree was issued prohibiting the wearing of the' b'bisht because of soaring prices.' b'' b'[1933] the municipality installed lighting in the kuwait market.' b'' b'[1934] december heavy rainfall destroyed many kuwaiti houses.' b"therefore this year was called ``the destructive year,'' ``al-sannah" b"al-hadamah.''" b'' b'' b'[1938] february. oil was discovered in burgan oilfield.' b'' b'[1938] the first general elections, resulted in the first' b'legislative council.' b'' b'[1942] the first bank in kuwait was opened.' b'' b"[1945] ``kuwait house'' was established in egypt to look after" b'kuwaiti missions and interests.' b'' b'[1946] the first kuwaiti crude oil shipment was exported.' b'' b"[1948] ``kazima magazine'' was issued, the first kuwaiti magazine" b'to be both printed and published in kuwait.' b'' b'[1950] sheikh ahmed al-jaber al-sabah, who had ruled kuwait for' b'thirty years, died.' b'' b'[1951] may kuwait radio went on the air for the first time.' b'' b"[1952] the first ``kuwait masterplan'' was drawn up." b'' b'[1954] khalid al-faraj, the man of letters and poet, died.' b'' b"[1954] december, ``kuwait al-youm'' (official gazette) was" b'issued for the first time.' b'' b'[1955] oil was struck in al-rawdhatain, north of kuwait.' b'' b'[1957] kuwait wall was demolished and removed.' b'' b"[1957] the ``social affairs department'' conducted the first" b'population census.' b'' b"[1958] december the first issue of ``al-arabi'' magazine was" b'published.' b'' b'[1960] the first kuwaiti woman was employed by kuwait oil' b'company.' b'' b'[1961] april the kuwaiti dinar became the official currency' b'in kuwait.' b'' b'[1961] june the agrrement of january concluded' b'between kuwait and great britain, was terminated.' b'' b'[1961] july kuwait became a member of the arab league.' b'' b'[1961] december, kuwait fund for arab economic development' b'was established.' b'' b'[1962] january the elected constituent assembly met to draw' b'up the constitution of kuwait.' b'' b'[1962] an amiri decree was issued providing for the division of' b'the country into three governorates.' b'' b'[1962] november the amir of kuwait, sheikh abdulla al-salem' b'al-sabah ratified the first constitution of kuwait.' b'' b'[1963] january. the first elected national assembly of kuwait' b'convened.' b'' b'[1963] may kuwait became a member of the united nations' b'organization.' b'' b'[1963] august the great kuwaiti poet saqr al-shebaib died.' b'' b'[1965] november the amir of kuwait, sheikh abdulla al-salem' b'al-sabah, passed away.' b'' b'[1966] the neutral zone was partitioned between kuwait and saudi' b'arabia.' b'' b'[1966] november kuwait university was inaugurated.' b'' b'[1968] may kuwait freed itself from all external obligations' b'when it canceled the agreement of june b'' b'[1969] april central bank of kuwait was established.' b'' b'[1969] october the first communications satellite earth' b'station in kuwait was inaugurated.' b'' b'[1973] july the kuwaiti pioneer and reformer sheikh yousef bin' b"eisa al-qina'ai died." b'' b'[1975] march. the government acquired full ownership of kuwait' b'oil company.' b'' b'[1976] the social security law, applicable to kuwaiti nationals,' b'was issued.' b'' b'[1976] the future generations reserves law was issued. it' b'stipulates the allocation of per annum of the state revenues for' b'future generations.' b'' b'[1977] december the amir of kuwait sheikh sabah al-salem' b'al-sabah died.' b'' b'[1981] may kuwait signed the articles of association of the' b'gulf cooperation council.' b'' b'[1983] the bubiyan bridge, linking bubiyan island to the' b'mainland, was opened for traffic.' b'' b'[1985] may the amir survived an attempt' b'on his life when a bomb-laden car rammed into his motorcade on arabian' b'gulf street.' b'' b'' b'' b'---from kuwait, facts and figures, b'' b'shedding some light' b'' b'on september the national council on us-arab relations' b'invited the kuwaiti ambassador to the united states, saud nasser' b'al-sabah. the following are quotes of his speech:' b'' b'``kuwait itself was an entity identified as kuwait even before' b'iraq was identified as iraq in the ottoman empire. kuwait was in' b'existence since we continued to be in existence until the' b'conflict between the ottoman empire and the british and others in the' b'area. thereafter, we signed with the british in a protective' b'agreement whereby the british guaranteed the sovereignty and security' b"of kuwait.''" b'' b'``in the british and the ottoman signed an agreement defining' b'without any doubt the borders of kuwait as they stand today. such an' b'agreement was reconfirmed in between the kuwaiti government' b'and the iraqi government at that time. that is when iraq became a state,' b"after kuwait itself.''" b'' b'``in when we declared our independence iraq seized the' b'opportunity to claim kuwait as part of iraq. there were threats. the' b'british came in, and arab forces came in to guarantee the sovereignty' b'and territorial integrity of kuwait. in kuwait and iraq again' b"signed border agreement, thereby defining our territory and iraq's" b"recognition to the sovereignty and territory of kuwait.''" b'' b'---compiled by firyal alshalalbi' b'' b'' b'origins of kuwait' b'' b'the establishment of kuwait is attributed to barrak b. ghurair of the' b'bani khalid who used kuwait as a summer residence. the beginning of' b'kuwait goes back to the late 17th century and some historians go' b"further up to kuwait's name is derived from al-kut which means" b'fortress. kuwait is also called qurain, which is the diminutive of qarn, a' b'horn or hill. kuwait town flourished and grew since its' b'establishment.' b'' b"the 'utub, al-sabah family is a branch of 'utub, settled in kuwait" b'during the early 18th century. they lived under the protection' b'of bani khalid until after that, they became independent and' b"sabah bin jabir was chosen as the first ruler for 'utub." b'' b'carsten niebuhr a dutch explorer was among the first who' b'wrote about the arabia. he was the mathematician in the scientific' b'expedition sent in by the king of denmark to arabia. he' b'documented details of arab tribes inhabiting both coasts of the gulf' b'and in the case of kuwait, he was the first writer to give the two' b"names by which the town was known, kuwait and qurain. niebuhr's chart" b'of the persian gulf was the best one drawn before the end of that' b'century, see the map from abu hakima, history of eastern arabia' b'1750-1800. pub.1965.' b'' b"al-sabah ('utub) kept good relations with other powers in the eastern" b"arabia. according to ahmed abu hakima's conclusions in his well" b'documented study about the history of eastern arabia between b'there was no ottoman rule on the region. ``in the second half of' b'the 18th century, there was no ottoman ruler in eastern arabia.' b'in fact, ottoman rule was not even nominally acknowledged. their' b'attempts to restore their lost position in al-hasa through the' b"campaign of thuwayni in and ali pasha's expedition against the" b'wahhabis in were unsuccessful. at kuwait, the nearest point of' b'the utbi domains to the ottoman mutasallimiyya of basra, the shaikh' b"was under no form of ottoman control. the aim of 'utbi external policy" b'was to keep on friendly relations with all the forces working in the' b"gulf.'' (p. abu hakima continued in his conclusions that ``kuwait" b'was not a dependency of basra, the persian occupation of basra' b"(1775-79) did not affect kuwait.'' (p.183)" b'' b'kuwait had its own identity through the ottoman domination on the arab' b'world. this identity was clear to the british and the french who' b"tried to win the support of kuwait's sheikh between when the" b'british wanted his support in their conflict with the french in the' b'gulf area.' b'' b'---' b'' b'independent kuwait' b'' b'this is the first of a series of articles that testify to the' b'independence of kuwait throughout its history from both iraq and the' b'ottomans.' b'' b'the following text is related to an expedition carried out by the' b'ottomans in against the wahhabis in eastern arabia (where the oil fields' b'in saudi arabia now). kuwait and its ruler at that time, sheikh' b'abdulla ibn sabah ibn jabir, allied themselves with the turks:}' b'' b"abdullah' role in the fighting was not a minor one. he joined the" b'expedition as a commander of the large kuwaiti fleet and was the first' b'to use its guns against the besieged town of al-qatif. had it not been' b'for this bombardment by the kuwaiti fleet, al-qatif obviously would' b'not have surrendered in a mere three hours.' b'' b'in relation to this, a question arises as to why the ottoman warships' b'refrained from participating in the bombardment. the answer lies in' b'reports relating to the political movements that preceded accounts of' b'the progress of the expedition. because the ottomans were unwilling to' b'jeopardize the maritime peace imposed by britain in the area, the' b'sultan and the pasha promised their warships would not be used in the' b"war against su'ud or any sheikh in the war zone. kuwait, which was not" b'a party to the above-mentioned treaty of was under no such' b'obligation especially since the expedition was not directed against' b'those who had signed it.' b'' b'' b'[ from the above text, we can see that kuwait was not part of the' b'ottomans or the british colonies. for more details about the mentioned' b'expedition, please check out the source of the above text:' b'' b'the modern history of kuwait, by ahmed abu-hakima, mcgill' b'university, canada b'' b'---' b'' b'independent kuwait--2' b'' b'this is another article of a series of articles that testify to the' b'independence of kuwait throughout its history from both iraq and the' b'ottomans.' b'' b'the following text discusses a dispute on an estate called sufiyya in zubair,' b'iraq, between the sheikh of kuwait and al-zuhair tribe in zubair.' b'' b'in trouble developed over the possession by sheikh sabah of the' b'estate which was [purchased] by his father, sheikh jabir, in this' b"property was sequestered by a turkish qa'immaqam [representative] on" b'the basis of a claim by the al-zuhair that the vendor had been the' b'owner of a share and not of the n 100e sufiyya. at the same time,' b'sheikh sabah was required to expel from other lands owned by him at' b'the island of fao some cultivators who had immigrated from persian' b'territory.' b'' b'it should be recalled that the turkish officials from the start' b'showed strong prejudice in favor of the zuhair claimants. abdulla ibn' b'sabah, the eldest son of the ruler of kuwait who went to basra as his' b"father's agent in the case, narrowly escaped being thrown into jail" b'upon his refusal to make a payment amounting to the value of seven' b'years produce which the ottoman authorities deemed the plaintiffs were' b'entitled to receive.' b'' b'eventually, the dispute was settled by the wali [governor] of baghdad' b'in favor of the sheikh of kuwait. the decision of the governor of' b'basra in favor of the sheikh was apparently made for various reasons.' b'some writers think that the governor wanted to win abdulla over to the' b'turkish side, and suggest that the governor, namiq pasha, even offered' b"him the title of qa'immaqam, which he declined. nevertheless, the" b'proceedings of the turks in this case were regarded by the inhabitants' b'of kuwait as attempts to cause a confrontation with zubair. it seems' b'that they had anticipated a conflict and according to reports by the' b'british agent at basra, the people of kuwait were prepared to a man to' b'abandon their town rather than submit to turkish rule. lorimer suggests' b"that the final order of namiq pasha, upholding the kuwait sheikh's" b'title to sufiyya, was perhaps due to a report that sheikh sabah,' b'``with the object of attacking zubair if the decision should go' b'against him, had obtained a promise of countenance and armed support' b"from the wahhabi amir.''" b'' b'in addition to this legal matter with zubair, kuwait had had other' b'problems with basra whose courts tried to jail abdulla ibn sabah, as' b"explained above. however, kuwait's relations with the ottoman" b'mutasallims of basra had at times been amicable and in several' b'instances, those mutasallims even sought refuge at kuwait when' b'pressured by the pashas of baghdad who exercised control over them.' b'' b'[ source: the modern history of kuwait, by ahmed abu-hakima,' b'mcgill university, canada b'' b'---' b'' b'independent kuwait--3' b'' b'this is another article that testifies to the' b'independence of kuwait throughout its history from both iraq and the' b'ottomans.' b'' b'' b'when pelly [colonel pelly, the british resident in the gulf] visited kuwait' b'for the first time on march he was' b'met at jahra by sheikh mubarak, the second son of the ruler, sheikh' b'sabah. just before he reached kuwait town on march he was met by' b'sheikh abdulla, the eldest son and heir apparent, who accompanied him' b"to the town gate on their way to ``a very good home,'' which had been" b"prepared for pelly and his companions. ``scarcely had we entered it,''" b"says pelly, ``when sheikh sabah himself came.''" b"this description of pelly's reception indicates that to a certain" b'degree it was run according to protocol.' b'' b'the government system of kuwait and administration of justice were the' b"subject of comments made by pelly. ``the government is patriarchal,''" b'says pelly, ``the sheikh managing the political, and the cazee [qadi]' b'the judicial departments. the sheikh himself would submit to the' b"cazee's decision.'' punishment was rarely inflicted. ``indeed, there" b'seems little government interference anywhere, and little need of an' b"army.'' pelly in admiration of how the sheikh ran the affairs of the" b'country, retold the following remark which the sheikh had made to him:' b'' b'when my father was nearly years old, he called me and said, ``i' b'shall soon die. i have made no fortune, and can leave you no money,' b'but i have made many and true friends, grapple them. while other' b'states around the gulf have fallen off from injustice or' b'ill-government, mine has gone on [flourishing]. hold to my policy, and' b'though you are surrounded by desert, and pressed by a once hostile' b"and still wandering set of tribes, you will prosper.''" b'' b'[ source: the modern history of kuwait, by ahmed abu-hakima,' b'mcgill university, canada b'' b'---' b'' b'independent kuwait--4' b'' b'this is another article that testifies to the' b'independence of kuwait throughout its history from both iraq and the' b'ottomans.' b'' b'' b"the british had always regarded sheikh jabir as a ``good friend,'' but" b'in october an event took place at kuwait which could have' b'weakened those good relations. on october lieutenant edmunds, the' b'assistant resident at abu shahr [in iran], arrived in kuwait on a' b'special mission from the resident, captain hennell. his mission was to' b'find out if kuwait was willing to welcome the establishment of a' b'british line of post across the desert from kuwait to the' b'mediterranean. the british war vessel fired the usual salute in honor' b'of the sheikh after it had anchored in the waters of kuwait bay. the' b'salute was not acknowledged and edmunds waited in the vessel for three' b'days before he was able to communicate with the sheikh.' b'' b"after edmunds' return to abu shahr, both he and captain hennell" b'explained this unusual behavior of the sheikh, to have been due not' b'to ill-will, but principally to a desire to mislead the egyptian agent' b'at kuwait as to the nature of his relations with the british.' b"therefore, they considered that jabir's conduct did not indicate any" b'change in his friendly policies towards the british.' b'' b'if the british tolerated the attitude of jabir towards edmunds, so' b'also did the egyptians. earlier in the same year, some of the most' b"wanted men in the wahhabi camp, such as 'umar ibn 'ufaisan, the" b'wahhabi general in al-hasa, and wahhabi tribes like al-duwaish,' b'sought refuge in kuwait.' b'' b'protection of refugees seeking political' b'asylum in his country was a policy that had been adopted earlier by' b'sheikh abdulla ibn sabah. this can, therefore, be looked upon as an' b"indication of self-confidence; an outcome of kuwait's independence" b'from foreign powers. it corroborates the fact that kuwait, if' b'necessary, was prepared to defend itself against more powerful' b'neighbors.' b'' b'this defense depended not only on the walls of the city, but also on' b'bedouin tribes in its neighborhood and a merchant fleet equipped with' b'the necessary guns comparable to other arab fleets of the time.' b'' b"as to kuwait's position between and one can safely state" b'that it managed to maintain a neutral policy with regard to the' b'struggling wahhabis and egyptians. relations with the british and' b'even with the pasha of baghdad continued on good terms.' b'' b'[ source: the modern history of kuwait, by ahmed abu-hakima,' b'mcgill university, canada b'' b'---' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'they were trying to recover land they believed' b'was theirs, much like the argentines in the faulklands. the kuwaitis pushed' b"just a little too far by taking iraqi oil and saddam thought he'd settle" b'the dispute the old fashioned way...' b'' b'are you really this cartoonish? or do you seriously believe this? if' b'so, please post your proof.' b'' b'everybody would have been much better off had they left the reunited iraq' b'together and concentrated on taking out saddam. a strong, united iraq with' b'an elected government would have gone a long way to ridding the world of' b'the feudal dictatorships in the gulf.' b'' b'are standards at uwisc dropping? since when has iraq *ever* had an' b'"elected" government?' b'' 