b'' b'' b'' b'ilyess sez:' b'so how would have *you* defended saudi arabia and rolled' b'back the iraqi invasion, were you in charge of saudi arabia???' b'' b'all muslims knew that the whole thing was set up to destroy iraq, not' b'to "liberate kuwait", the people who were killed by the invasion are' b'more (many many more), than the ones that were killed by the iraqis' b'in their smaller invasion. i lived in the west, and i have seen how' b'your media prepared you (helpless naive americans) for a war against' b'^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^' b'no doubt you plan on exploiting "helpless naive americans" for your own' b"purposes. hmm...let's see:" b'' b'iraq even before the artificial conflict between iraq and kuwait that' b'led to the invasion, as the cia correctly predicted (and pretended to' b'be surprised not to know).' b'it just happened that saddam was so predictible and so arrogant and stupid.' b'' b'what would i have done: most muslims would choose dead kuwaitis over' b'200,000 dead iraqis and dead kuwaitis. the first case would happen' b'if no western intervention happened, and the second case was a direct' b'or indirect result of western envolvement.' b'' b'possibly, if iraqis had indeed died, but this number is based on' b'greenpeace estimates. greenpeace had compromised its alleged' b'impartiality during the war by condemning the potential environmental' b'consequences of allied miiltary action, while initially *completely*' b"ignoring iraq's horrible environmental crimes, starting with the dumping" b'of millions of barrels of oil into the gulf at ahmadi to the blowing of' b'over oil wells. what is the real number? there has been a lot of' b'work on this in the last two years, none of it reported as the' b'greenpeace figure seems to get continuously bandied about. the real' b'number seems to be around on the same order as the number of' b"kuwaitis killed, tortured and kidnapped during the occupation. i've" b'included an article i recently posted below, but this is really old' b'news. independent television news reported a figure around only' b'a few months after the war, but it was hardly reported.' b'' b'for the allies to have killed iraqis, they would have had to' b'kill twice the *total* number of iraqis in kuwait.' b'' b'the favored image of the hysterics is the last battle of the war at' b"mutla'. this was yet another example of the american and european media" b'playing into the hands of iraq and its de facto allies. the' b"destruction of the iraqi convoy at mutla' was portrayed as an all-out" b'slaughter. this is simply not true. the head and tail of the convoy' b'was bombed initially, resulting in a lot of casualties at these points.' b'before bombers came back, most of the rest of the iraqi soldiers fled' b'on foot.' b'' b"furthermore, your estimates of kuwaiti war dead if allies hadn't invaded" b'is completely ridiculous. you have acknowledged (certainly implicitly)' b'that saddam is a barbarous brute. you have acknowledged the hundreds' b'of thousands he has been responible for killing *in his own country*.' b'you *know* that the man he appointed as governor of kuwait, ali majid,' b'was his most brutal henchman, presiding over the near genocide of the' b"kurds in the late 80's and, more recently, the shi'a. yet, when it" b'comes to his treatment of kuwaitis, he is an angel. in your estimate,' b"he would've killed *fewer* than he already had when the war started." b'what a joke!' b'' b'' b'apn iraq war dead' b'' b'copyright, the associated press. all rights reserved.' b'' b'by nick ludington' b'associated press writer' b'washington (ap) after the persian gulf war ended, the world was' b'told that' b'as many as iraqi soldiers were killed. at one point, even baghdad put' b'the toll that high, as did the u.s. defense intelligence agency in private.' b'but u.s. officials have been backpedaling ever since, even though the' b'pentagon has yet to settle on an official estimate to release to the public.' b'now, one former dia analyst says the number of iraqi troops killed may' b'have been' b'as low as b'that conclusion by john heidenrich, writing in the current issue of the' b'quarterly magazine foreign policy, represents the lowest estimate yet' b'from u.s.' b'defense sources.' b'the revisions suggesting a less devastating iraqi toll fit a pattern of' b'vastly moderated u.s. military claims in the months after the war ended.' b'claims' b'for a number of u.s. weapons also were scaled down.' b'despite the dramatic videotapes of successful weaponry or the shocking' b"pictures of iraq's disastrous retreat from kuwait, arguments have continued" b'unabated about what really happened in the gulf war.' b'heidenrich is not the first to question the iraqi death toll numbers that' b'originally were aired. more that a year ago, air force lt. gen. charles' b'horner,' b'the commander of the air campaign in the gulf war, said he believed the iraqi' b'military death toll was fewer than for the entire war.' b'the pentagon itself still refuses to provide an estimate of the number of' b'iraqis who died in the 42-day war against the u.s.-led coalition in' b'january and' b'february on monday, pentagon spokesman lt. cmdr. joe gradisher' b'reiterated' b'past statements that "there just isn\'t a number," that is credible.' b'but some current internal estimates range from to iraqi troops' b'killed, said one analyst, speaking on condition of anonymity, who is familiar' b"with the pentagon's reports." b'allied deaths were put at americans, by friendly fire; british, b'by american fire; frenchmen, italian and among various arab allies.' b"of the postwar reassessments, the most widely publicized was the army's" b'reluctant acknowledgement, months later, that its touted patriot air defense' b"system was nowhere near so effective as claimed against iraq's scud missiles." b'the bush administration initially claimed an almost perfect record for the' b'patriot; last spring it revised the hit ratio to percent.' b"the success record of the navy's tomahawk high-tech cruise missile used" b'against targets in baghdad and other parts of iraq also turned out to be more' b'modest than initially indicated by the pentagon.' b'the first iraqi casualty figures to surface after the war came in a' b'may b'report by the environmental group greenpeace, which said to b'iraqi soldiers were killed. it estimated that to iraqi civilians' b'were also killed.' b'the same month, published reports said the defense intelligence agency' b'estimated iraqi soldiers were killed and wounded in the' b'air and' b'ground campaigns although the agency qualified that by saying the estimate' b'could be off by as much as percent in either direction.' b'but as more information became available, those figures gradually were' b'revised downward.' b'the house armed services committee staff estimated dead and b'wounded after a review last year.' b'but heidenrich, writing in the current issue of the quarterly foreign' b'policy,' b'estimated the total death toll from both the air and ground offensives' b'as low as' b'1,500 with about wounded.' b'heidenrich based the conclusion in his article on the number of' b'bodies found' b'and buried by u.s. troops and on prisoner of war interviews.' b'he noted' b'that only about of iraqi prisoners of war were wounded.' b'based on the calculation that about half as many wounded escaped as were' b'captured, he put the number of wounded at about using a conservative' b'ratio of one dead to two wounded, applicable to third world armies like' b'iraq, he' b'set battlefield deaths at b'"maybe the figures are too low," he wrote. "maybe the real death toll' b'on the' b'battlefield was or or even even then, the evidence' b'suggests a' b'death toll of well below or even b'in an interview, he said the figure was obviously off base' b'because it' b'would mean that virtually all the iraqi soldiers in the kuwait theater of' b'operations were casualties.' b"he said today's bloodiest wars were not those fought with high technology," b'but rather the drawn-out conflicts such as those in yugoslavia and somalia.' b'' b'' b'' b'' 