b'' b'' b'the following news from turan news agency in baku-azerbaijan' b'is brought to you as a service of:' b'' b'<azerbaijan aydinlig association' b'p.o. box b'berkeley, ca b'fax: b'' b'p l e a s e make a hard copy of the news available to an azerbaijani near you!' b'//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////' b'h e a d l i n e s b'' b'* the new vice-premier plans to intensify the work on the attraction of' b'western investments' b'* the proposal to summon special session of the supreme soviet is rejected' b'again' b'* the prospects of trade/economic cooperation between azerbaijan and estonia' b'* azerbaijan does not intend to join the cis common economic zone' b'* the questions of granting credit to azerbaijan will be discussed in moscow' b'* azerbaijan will reply to the second variant of trilateral initiative by b'of may' b'* the announcement of the prosecutor of the republic of azerbaijan' b"* azerbaijan's parliament intends to appeal to russian parliament regarding" b'the six accused soldiers' b'* armenians are preparing more "karabakhs" on the north caucasus' b'* state assistance for national minority development' b'* memorandum of cooperation on extracting oil-gas fields of azerbaijan was' b'signed' b'* armenia taking advantage of the prosecution of six russian soldiers' b'* new provocations of armed forces of armenia' b'* "unocal" company will build houses for refugees in azerbaijan' b'* manat is beginning to fall in value' b'* the discussion of parliamentary election bill will last till mid july' b'* isa gambar suggests that azeri-russian parliament commission for clarifying' b'the circumstances of the criminal case be created' b'* will the trilateral initiative be ruined?' b'* fate of million tons of oil will be decided this summer' b'* the scientists-lawyers of russia appealed to the president of azerbaijan' b'* armenian artillery continues firing on azeri districts' b'* azeri prime-minister is leaving for great britain' b'' b'' b'the new vice-premier plans to intensify the work on the attraction of' b'western investments' b'' b'baku (may turan: yesterday, rasul guliyev, the recently appointed' b'vice-premier of the republic, received the us ambassador in azerbaijan,' b'richard miles. as "azerbaijan" newspaper informs, the issue of attraction' b'of western investments in azerbaijan was discussed in the meeting. in' b'particular, gulyiev stated that western capital has to be investigated in' b'the most profitable spheres of manufacture. he also noticed, that the number' b'of the priority manufactures will be released from debts.' b'guliyev also said that intensifying the activities of the american oil' b'companies will promote the strengthening of the american-azeri relations.' b'' b'' b'the proposal to summon special session of the supreme soviet is rejected again' b'' b'baku (may turan: yesterday, in the sitting of the milli mejlis,' b'the chairman, isa gambar, rejected the proposal of the deputy arif' b'rahimzade to summon a special session of the supreme soviet of azerbaijan.' b'this written proposal to summon a session was signed by deputates. but' b"the chairman said that the signatures were invalid and the proposal couldn't" b'be submitted for discussion.' b'earlier, the leadership of the milli mejlis called the proposal to summon' b'a special session of the supreme soviet a coup attempt. but the deputy for' b"the parliament, rahimzade, doesn't consider that the deputates have the" b'objective of removing milli mejlis and its chairman from the power. it concerns the' b'serious analysis of the social, economic and foreign policy activity of the' b"republic's authority. rahimzade said that the deputates for the parliament," b'ejected from their duties one year ago have the rights to express their opinion' b'on these questions.' b'the supreme soviet of azerbaijan deputates) was dissolved one year ago,' b'when it attempted to bring ayaz mutalibov back to the power.' b'the functions of s.s. were handed over to milli mejlis, consisting of b'deputates "democrats" and "partocrates"). at that time "democrats" and' b'"partocrates" came to an agreement that milli mejlis wouldn\'t exist for a long' b'time and would be dissolved after parliamentary elections. at the same time,' b'the deputates ejected from their duties were guaranteed that they could summon' b'a session of the supreme soviet any time and went in for political activity out' b'of the parliament. b'' b'' b'the prospects of trade/economic cooperation between azerbaijan and estonia' b'' b'baku (may turan: the prospects of signing trade-economic agreement' b'between azerbaijan and estonia were discussed in the meeting of the foreign' b'minister tofig gasimov with the group of experts of the ministry of economics,' b'minister of foreign affairs and estonian bank administration on may b'the group of experts is headed by tikht reiman, the chief of the ministry of' b'economics of estonia.' b'the mia of azerbaijan informed turan agency, that in their stay in baku,' b'the delegation will also visit ministry of economics and national bank of the' b'republic.--0--' b'' b'' b'azerbaijan does not intend to join the cis common economic zone' b'' b'baku (may turan: deputy prime-ministers of the republic, vahid' b"ahmedov and abbas abbasov declared that azerbaijan wouldn't join the cis" b'common economic zone.' b'vahid ahmedov considers that the cis economic zone proposal to create a' b'common tax system contradicts independent economic policy of the republic.' b'according to abbas abbasov, the pact of cooperation proposals, submitted for' b'the discussion of the leaders of cis states in moscow on may has a number' b'of unfavorable points for azerbaijan.' b'such announcements of two deputy prime-ministers sound sensational on the' b'background of the fact that the president of azerbaijan and the chairman of' b'the parliament noted the necessity of the republic on joining the cis economic' b'zone.--0--' b'' b'' b'the questions of granting credit to azerbaijan will be discussed in moscow' b'' b'baku (may turan: today, azerbaijani delegation headed by the director' b'of the foreign relation department of the ministry of finance of the republic' b'along with the representatives of the national bank will leave for moscow to' b'hold consultation with russian government on granting credit to azerbaijan.' b'according to the preliminary information, the credit will be billion rubles.' b"as press-centre of ministry of finance informed turan's correspondent," b'precise amount of the credit, conditions of its repay and a number of other' b'questions of mutual interest will be discussed in the course of the meeting in' b'moscow. it is known that this credit will be mostly used for mutual settling' b'of industrial enterprises of azerbaijan and russia.' b'when the sides reach the agreement, it is proposed for signing by the end' b'of may.--0--' b'' b'' b'azerbaijan will reply to the second variant of trilateral initiative by of' b'may' b'' b'baku (may turan: on the measures for peace presented by russia,' b'turkey and the usa to azerbaijan and armenia, the representative of the' b'president of azerbaijan in the talks on nagorno-karabakh, asim gasimov noted' b'that the plan was not seriously changed in comparison with the first variant.' b'"just some comments to several points were added to the schedule by' b'insistence of the armenian side. we do not intend to come back to the analysis' b'of the schedule, because we have given a positive answer to it on may said' b'gasimov.' b'the representative of the president of azerbaijan informed that they just' b'began to work on the examination of the commentary, and their answer would be' b'given as requested by the authors of trilateral initiative by may b'as it is known, the first variant of the peace measures was rejected by' b'armenia, which put forward a number of pre-conditions for its acceptance.--0--' b'' b'' b'the announcement of the prosecutor of the republic of azerbaijan' b'' b"baku (may turan: the azerbaijani prosecutor's office has announced" b"that the russian mass media's attempt to portray the russian soldiers" b'condemned by the military board of the azerbaijani supreme court, as innocent' b'people is unjustified.' b'accounts of the witnesses and the confessions of the condemned themselves,' b'prove that their crimes were committed together with the armenian military units' b'and with the knowledge of the headquarters of the russian army unit, where they' b'served.' b'the announcement points out that the attempts to represent these soldiers' b'as ordinary mercenaries who have nothing to do with the russian army are also' b'unfounded. for there are irrefutable evidences that these soldiers were on the' b"list of one of the military unit's of russian commandos in yerevan." b'certain russian circles try to conceal the fact of direct participation of' b'the russian army in the undeclared war of armenia against azerbaijan from the' b"russian community. azerbaijan's prosecutor's announcement follows, that this" b'type of actions can make the situation in the region much more complicated.--0--' b'' b'' b"azerbaijan's parliament intends to appeal to russian parliament regarding the" b'six accused soldiers' b'' b'baku (may turan: as turan agency was informed, parliament of azerbaijan' b'is considering the question of appealing to russian parliament about the six' b"accused soldiers' fortune. in particular, the offer to send the representatives" b'of the commission on military affairs of the armed forces of russian federation' b"to baku for the detailed study of the results of six russian soldiers' case will" b'be directed to russian parliament.' b'according to one of the supporters of this offer, such initiative will give' b'russian parliament the possibility to be convinced of the correctness of the' b'investigation. there will also be a chance to discuss the reasons that have' b'given rise to the present situation that is the russian troops participation' b'in the war against azerbaijan.' b'' b'' b'armenians are preparing more "karabakhs" on the north caucasus' b'' b'baku (may turan: the national-liberation front founded by group of' b'armenians living on the north caucasus appealed to establish armenian autonomies' b'on the territories of rostov, stavropol and krasnodar regions, reported the' b'newspaper "russky vestnik" on march published in geneva.' b'the north caucasus is regarded as an integral part of armenia in the' b'documents of this organization. admitting the non-realizability of "reunion" of' b'the north caucasus and "armenia proper" at present, the front is appealing to' b'the un, presidents of russia, armenia and the united states to consider the' b'need to establish armenian autonomies on the caucasus.' b'to attain these goals, the armenian organization considers it necessary to' b'carry out on the north caucasus the forms and methods of activity "identical to' b'those in nagorno karabakh". besides the decision to fund cells of armenian' b'national-liberation fronts in every settlement and to appeal to leaders of' b'armenian terrorist groups in greece and iran to sent to the north caucasus' b'instructors for training of armenian youth to wage secret wars was adopted.' b'thus according to the newspaper "russky vestnik", "new karabakhs" are' b'being planning on the north caucasus. --o--' b'' b'' b'state assistance for national minority development' b'' b'baku (may turan: the meeting headed by the state secretary of' b'azerbaijan, ali kerimov, with the participation of the national cultural' b'centers was held in baku. the first results of the realization of the president' b"elchibey's decree on state assistance for the development of language and" b'culture of national minorities adopted on september were considered.' b'the state secretary called this decree as an important step to establish a' b'legal democratic state. he confirmed once more the commitment of the leadership' b'of azerbaijan to set up a democratic society in which the rights of all' b'nationalities and ethnic groups would be respected.' b'the state counsellor of the president of azerbaijan on the national policy,' b'hidayat orujev, announced that in spite of the difficulties of the "undeclared' b'war" against the republic, the leaders of the state managed to solve many' b'problems concerning the satisfaction of cultural and other needs of the ethnic' b'groups.' b'for today, all national-cultural centers registered by the ministry of' b'justice in the capital of azerbaijan are provided with accommodation, furniture' b'and means of communication. all the accommodations are rent-free foreign' b'diplomatic missions in baku are placed in the hotels because of the absence of' b'free accommodations including the representation of the un general secretary).' b'as it was noted, a great work was carried out since the decree was adopted' b'to create conditions for total development of the ethnic groups. on the north of' b'azerbaijan where lezghins live, a national lezghin theater was opened,' b'radiocast is transmitted in lezghin. the work over the creation of the' b'educational literature for talyshs, tats, lezghins and kurds and national' b'teaching and scientific staff is being carried out in the academy of sciences' b'of azerbaijan.--o--' b'' b'' b'memorandum of cooperation on extracting oil-gas fields of azerbaijan was signed' b'' b'baku (may turan: as turan agency was informed in the state' b'concern "azerineft", the memorandum of understanding with the companies' b'"amoco caspian sea petroleum", "bi-pi exploration operating", "pennzoil' b'caspian", "unocal khazar ltd.", "mcdermott" and turkish oil corporation on' b'mutual extracting of fields "azeri", "chirag" and "gyuneshli" was signed.' b'according to the memorandum, the general group on preparing of a common' b'program of activity was created.' b'according to the president of "azerineft", sabit bagirov, cooperation' b'will provide for using the experience of foreign companies more efficiently.' b'during the project, the main principles will be the effective use of' b'oil-gas resources, the rational sharing of investments, the reducing of' b'exploitation expenditures and maximizing the profit of azerbaijan from the' b'exploitation of these fields.' b'the memorandum also envisions the necessity to take into account the historical' b'and political-economical interests of azerbaijan under optimum use of oil-gas' b'fields. --o--' b'' b'' b'armenia taking advantage of the prosecution of six russian soldiers' b'' b'baku (may turan: after azerbaijani court passed sentence on' b'six russian soldiers fighting on the armenian side in karabakh,' b'armenian propaganda has become actively involved.' b'the armenians living in russia appealed to the president yeltsin' b'with a request "to display firmness in asserting the rights of russian' b'soldiers". at the same time, armenian mass media call legal proceedings' b'on the case in baku as "a farce aimed at getting more arms from russia".' b'the karabakh armenians have issued a threat recently. if one could' b'believe the yerevan agency "snark", the armenians in karabakh presented' b'an ultimatum to authorities in azerbaijan. the essence of this ultimatum' b'is that if russian soldiers are not shown mercy, three azeri prisoners in' b'karabakh will be shot dead.' b'it is simple to explain such "touching attitude of armenians" to' b"the six russian soldiers' fate. if by chance the sentence is executed" b'it will cause not anti-azeri but anti-armenian reaction, as the accused' b'russian soldiers were recruited in yerevan by the former defence minister' b'of armenia and then transferred to karabakh.' b'if the soldiers get mercy, armenian side will think highly of its' b'saving of lives of "innocent russians". --o--' b'' b'' b'new provocations of armed forces of armenia' b'' b'baku (may turan: according to the defence ministry of' b'azerbaijan on may the firing on the territories of azerbaijan' b'from the military bases on the territory of armenia was in progress.' b'the day before, the villages of kolly-gyshlag, shotaraz,' b'nyachaflar of zangelan district of azerbaijan were under fire from' b'kafan district of armenia. two inhabitants were wounded, there were' b'destructions in the villages.' b'on may the firing on the villages of bashkend, mutudere,' b'shynykh, novosaratovka and novoivanovka of kedabek district of' b'azerbaijan from the positions of armenian armed forces was in' b'progress.' b'at the same day the diversion group of the armed forces of' b'armenia men) violated the frontier of azerbaijan, penetrated' b'into the territory of kedabek district of azerbaijan, killed two' b'shepherds at the village of aili-dara and made an attempt to take a' b'flock across the frontier. azeri frontier-guards stopped the enemy.--o--' b'' b'' b'"unocal" company will build houses for refugees in azerbaijan' b'' b'baku (may turan: as turan agency was informed by the' b'representation of unocal american oil company, the leaders of this' b'company decided to give thousand dollars for the construction of' b'50 houses for refugees.' b'at present, the american side suggested a village project for' b'consideration by appropriate departments of azerbaijan. the project' b'is a farm village where each house has a personal lot, subsidiary' b'accommodations and so on.' b'according to the program the construction and putting into' b'operation of the village will be this year. --o--' b'' b'' b'manat is beginning to fall in value' b'' b'baku (may turan: lately, at the black market of baku, the' b'national currency manat, fell in price compared with the russian' b'ruble. thus one gives rubles or manats for one us dollar.' b'taking into account the official exchange-value of the manat with' b'respect to ruble which is the national currency fell in value' b'10 percent. meanwhile the exchange-value of the manat to the ruble is' b'the same at banks, state establishments and in trade.' b'according to the representatives of the business circles and' b'experts, the present situation is explained by the fact that the rubles' b'are bought by the local businessmen. they need rubles for financial' b'operations in russia. as the remittance of payments from the republics' b'of the former ussr to russia is a great problem now, many businessmen' b'arrange deals in cash. taking into consideration the volume of business' b'with russia, counted by billions, it is not hard to imagine how much' b'rubles in cash the businessmen need. --o--' b'' b'' b'the discussion of parliamentary election bill will last till mid july' b'' b"baku (may turan: according to the president's decree, the" b'expert group, including representatives of the parliament and' b'presidential apparatus, are working out new wording of the constitution' b'of the republic of azerbaijan. this must be adopted by milli mejlis before' b'the parliamentary elections. together with this, the work on the new' b'constitution, that would be, evidently, adopted by new parliament of' b'the country, is going on. the newsmen were informed about the work on the' b'press-conference of the supreme soviet of the republic the day before.' b'parliamentary legal experts, safa mirzoyev, simran hasanov and' b"representatives of the department of the president's apparatus fazil mustafaev" b'and shahin aliev took part in the press-conference.' b'the national discussion of the project of the parliamentary' b'election law is going on at present. according to simran hasanov the bill' b"didn't cause any objections. it was noted, that until now, no alternative" b'variant of the election law was put forward.' b'the newsmen were also informed, that parliamentary commissions' b'will examine all coming proposals till june by june all' b'proposals will be generalized and submitted for discussion in milli mejlis.--0--' b'' b'' b'isa gambar suggests that azeri-russian parliament commission for' b'clarifying the circumstances of the criminal case be created' b'' b'baku (may turan: the chairman of the milly mejlis of the' b'azerbaijan republic, isa gambar, sent the return letter to the chairman' b'of the russian supreme soviet ruslan khasbulatov in connection with' b'the conviction of the russian servicemen lieutenant v.semion, sergeant' b'k. tukish, m.lisov and a.filipov by the military college of the' b'supreme court of azerbaijan.' b'in his letter, isa gambar suggested that the commission of azerbaijan' b'milly mejlis deputates on a par with the experts of the russian supreme' b'soviet be established to clarify the circumstances of this criminal' b'case. in his view, "the conclusion of the commission could help in the' b'objective solving of this problem, as well as such kind of problems' b'in the future. but the main thing is, it could help to promote the' b'knowledge about involvement of the russian servicemen in crime".' b'in its turn, in connection with the russian parliament message,' b'milly mejlis adopted a resolution on may according to which the' b'permanent commissions on government building and legal policy, human' b'rights and international relations are charged with the exploration of' b'this problem.--0--' b'' b'' b'will the trilateral initiative be ruined?' b'' b'baku (may turan: as turan agency was informed, russian representative' b'to the talks on karabakh, vladimir kazimirov, doubted in realization of the' b'trilateral initiative. he expressed this opinion during a telephone talk with' b'the representatives of azerbaijan. at the same talk he declared, that in case' b"the peace process deadlocked, russia would pursue yeltsin's initiative itself." b'such statement from the russian diplomat, who is one of the authors' b'of the trilateral initiative, suggests that the russian leadership is' b'paving the way for complete exclusion of the usa and probably turkey from' b'the peacemaking process. this statement can also mean, that russia and' b'us having achieved understanding on bosnian problem, have agreed on partial' b'us departure from transcaucasia.--0--' b'' b'' b'fate of million tons of oil will be decided this summer' b'' b'baku (may turan: the president of azerbaijan state oil company,' b'sabit bagirov, declared recently that complete treaty on development of' b'oil fields chirag, azeri and guneshli would be signed this summer.' b'as it is known, western oil companies amoco, bp-statoil, pennzoil-' b'ramco have an interest on development of these three richest caspian' b'fields.' b'according to the plan, socar and bp-statoil are to sign a complete' b'treaty on development of chirag field on june later amoco and' b'pennzoil will sign treaties.' b'specialists value total reserves of these three fields to be b'million ton. million of them fall on azeri field, mln.ton' b'on geneshli and mln.ton on chirag.' b'the exploitation of these fields is to last tens of years and it is to' b'bring in azerbaijan billion dollars in revenue. in addition to the net' b'economic profit, baku calculates upon the political support of the west in' b'the defence of its interests at the international scene.' b'as president elchibey said in his closest encirclement "the may of' b'1993 will be one of the most difficult periods for azerbaijan and its' b'independence and we have to stand these tests".--0--' b'' b'the scientist-lawyers of russia appealed to the president of azerbaijan' b'' b'baku (may turan: as the press-service of the president of azerbaijan' b'informs, today, the appeal of the institute of the government and law of the' b'russian academy of sciences to president elchibey was received.' b'the appeal contains the call "to display mercy, humanism and clemency' b'on the death sentences of the former servicemen of the russian armed' b'forces".' b"the authors of the appeal point out, that they don't justify the" b'participation of the russian servicemen in the war against the azeri people,' b"don't call in question the lawfulness of the passed sentence, denounce" b'the mercenary according to the un principals, and they are sorry about the' b'russian servicemen being drawn in such grave crime.' b"at the end of their letter, scientists, mentioning the soldiers'" b"mothers' tears and grief, their praying day and night of safety, ask the" b'president of azerbaijan to "save those guys".' b"it should be noticed, that unlike lawyers, soldiers' mothers," b'taking part in the inquiry, called the cause of their grief only' b'russian policy. according to their words, the leaders, that lay down' b'lives of russian men to achieve their political aims, must be made' b'answerable.' b"unfortunately, the appeal didn't mention the grief of the mothers" b'of azerbaijani soldiers, killed by sentenced russian servicemen.--0--' b'' b'' b'armenian artillery continues firing on azeri districts' b'' b'baku (may turan: on may two soldiers of national army of' b'azerbaijan were killed during the "grad" shelling of the villages of' b'kolly gyshlag, shaifly, shotaraz, nyachaflar of zangelan district of' b'the republic from the territory of kafan district of armenia.' b'the night before and in the morning of may the villages of' b'tovuz, gazakh and gubatly districts of azerbaijan were under fire' b'from the territory of armenia. there are destructions.' b'the situation in agder district of azerbaijan became complicated.' b'on may the enemy fired on the regional centre of agdere from the' b'village of ortakend. the transportation of man power and military equipment' b'to this district is in progress. according to reports the enemy is setting' b'up a new weapon emplacement to fire on the regional centre and near by' b'villages.' b'according to the ministry of internal affairs, the concentration' b'of man power and military equipment is observed in krasnoselsky' b'district of armenia which borders on azerbaijan as well as on the' b'frontier with fizuli district. --o--' b'' b'' b'azeri prime-minister is leaving for great britain' b'' b'baku may turan the minister of foreign economic relations,' b'rauf garayev, in his interview to turan agency said, that' b'"great britain is the biggest foreign economic partner of azerbaijan' b'after iran". the business cooperation between the two countries' b'develops in such spheres as oil industry, the manufacture of oil' b'extraction equipment, communication and agriculture.' b"according to the minister's words, the forthcoming visit of" b'azerbaijani prime-minister, panah huseynov, to great britain on may' b'23-24, is very important. it is expected, that the visit will' b'help, to solve the problems of opening in azerbaijan the branch' b'offices of some british banks, insurance firms; to conclude' b'contracts on the sphere of manufacture of agricultural equipment; on' b'building in azerbaijan off shore oil platforms, and reconstruction of the' b'entire communication system of azerbaijan.' b"in garayev's view, the expansion of the cooperation with great britain" b'will have a great political meaning for azerbaijan.' b'according to politicians and reviewers in baku, at present, great' b'britain as an european state is close to azerbaijan. the continuation of' b'the economic and political cooperation of the two states is foreseen. --o--' b'' b'\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\' b't u r a n n e w s a g e n c y' b'baku azerbaijan' b'phone: b'fax: b'telex: meta su' b'\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 