b'' b'serdar, i have been told that you are not real, your account is fake (which i' b'confirmed by trying to e-mail you) and advised not to waste my time writing to' b'"you". but, i get pleasure from watching you make a fool of yourself.' b'' b'writes:' b'' b' really overstepped the bounds of decency. by slandering tens of' b' generations of harmonious peace-loving armenians, you and your kind' b'' b" you mean 'tens of generations of barbarians'." b'' b'' b' "...that more people have to die..."' b'' b'' b' "yes, i stated this and stand by it."' b'' b'' b'so you stand by the statement that all armenians are barbarians. ok, i see.' b'lets not even act as if there is a chance they are human. see serdar, when you' b'judge people because of their race this is called racism. i tend to frown on' b"this sort of thing. obviously you don't. when you label an entire race the" b'way you do, it is easy to stop thinking of them as human beings, and this can' b'make genocide possible. but i guess (and this is where serdar will fill the' b'page with quotes taken out of context) you know that, huh?' b'' b' \tdecember sydney' b' \ttwo nazi armenians massacre sarik ariyak and his bodyguard, engin' b' sever. jcag and sdpa claim responsibility.' b'' b"don't you find it weak that all of serdars enemies are" b'fascist/nazi/barbarian/_________fill in the blank with any catch all bad term.' b'' b' it is public knowledge that b' hagopian, began his notorious career as a member of the terrorist' b' group which perpetrated the massacre of the israeli athletes at the' b' munich olympics in b'' b'public knowlege? i was not aware of that. now i see, the armenians decide to' b'kill the israeli athletes in as practice. i was confused, but thanks for' b'clearing that up.' b" and the 'armenian foundation' stole from the" b' children of turkiye to fund the criminal activities of the asala/sdpa/arf' b' terrorists in their cold-blooded murder of defenceless turkish and' b' kurdish people.' b'' b'wow, you are on a roll with the accusations today serdar, so how did the' b'armenians steal from the turkish children? was it their lunch money? this is' b'very cute how you inserted children in this fill in the blank accusation sheet' b'you fill out every day. it really touches my heart. oh and thank you for' b'letting me know that kurds and armenians hate each other. i was not aware of' b'this. the only time i have ever talked about kurds it was about the wonderful' b'treatment they were recieving in turkey. they must have a high incedence of' b'insanity because there sure are a lot of them fighting against the' b'non-oppresive turkish government that has let their culture flower over the' b'past years.' b'' b' the armenian foundation provided billion tl to asala' b'' b' milliyet-- the armenian foundation based in' b' istanbul is found to have provided billion turkish lira b' million) to the armenian terrorist organization asala which have' b' murdered several turkish diplomats abroad...' b'' b'thanks for the unbiased turkish media source. i am sure the milliyet is rated' b'number one for accuracy and truth.' b'' b' the deadliest of terrorist assassins,' b' carlos, proclaimed on spanish television that his organization had' b' entered into a working relationship with armenian terrorists and they' b" are using drug trafficking to raise money 'to continue' to slaughter" b' innocent people.' b'' b'innocent? is that what terrorists call their victims? i have never heard of' b'terrorists calling their victims innocent. "yes, folks in other news the ira' b'public relations department reported that it had killed innocent victims in' b'a car bombing... nope serdar, i don\'t think so.' b'' b' as for the armenian genocide of million muslim people between' b' and b'' b'oops you almost forgot to fill in the "say something about turks being killed' b'by armenians here" section of your note.' b'' b' serdar argic' b'' b'yeah sure you are really serdar argic, and i am really bob hope!!!! so you may' b'have already won million dollars!!! unfortunately for you the armenian' b'foundation in istambul is sure to steal it from you on the subway and then give' b'it to terrorists to kill innocent kurds and innocent israeli athletes. ahhh,' b'when are you going to take me to this fantasy world of yours??' 