b'' b'' b'turkey may be "more" underdeveloped if you wish, but that was not the issue.' b'' b"funny you should mention. that's the whole point 'paliks' invariably miss." b'' b'' b"source: 'united nations, human development report,' b'' b'annual output per person in dollars adjusted to purchasing power' b'parity: turkiye, greece and chile are in the same category. that' b'is, b'' b'' b"source: 'international economics: theory and policy' by paul r." b'krugman and maurice obstfeld, harper collins publishers,' b'1991, (second edition).' b'' b"in terms of 'annual output per person in dollars adjusted to" b"purchasing power parity,' greece is in the same category with" b'turkiye.' b'' b'' b'indeed, greek governments have enormous problems to tackle. the' b'economy is in shambles, corruption is rampant, air pollution is' b'in outrageous dimensions, state-sponsored terrorism is the name' b'of the game and infrastructure is decaying. another insightful' b'article in the new york times (sunday, april exposes the dirty' b'linen of greece, and describes her as the pariah of the european' b"community. the article reports that ''...with un-european antics," b'greece uses the community as a cash register. she squanders, and' b"at times even steals the european tax payers' money for political" b'featherbedding at home. the principal members of the community' b'admit that it was a mistake to accept greece to the european' b"community.'' this affirmation is testimony to the fact that" b'notwithstanding her geographic location, greece is un-european' b'in mentality and attitude.' b'' b'indeed, during the last years, turkiye registered a great' b'success with regard to economic restructuring. a sound economy,' b'ready to be integrated to the world economies, has emerged,' b"succeeding to the faltering one, witnessed in the '70s." b'' b'just years ago, greece used to export double as much as' b"turkiye did. now inversely, turkiye's overall exports exceed" b'by far that of greece. as far as the tourism incomes are' b'concerned, we are witnessing the same phenomenon.' b'' b'the governments in turkiye have put a particular emphasis on' b'the infrastructure investments (rather than investing in' b'world terrorist organizations), thereby solving this issue' b"completely. indeed, in the '70s, it was out of the question" b'to conduct a telephone call from eastern anatolia to the west.' b'nowadays, this is not the case at all, and in a far remote' b'town, even in a village you may have, at any time, a long-distance' b'call to any given country.' b'' b'however, the same could not be applied to greece. in fact,' b'it is not so easy in athens to have a trunk call to germany' b'round the clock. and if you happen to be in the greek islands,' b'then your chance will be pretty slim. therefore, it would not' b'be an exaggeration to argue that turkiye is far ahead of' b'greece in regard to telecommunication facilities. greece,' b'by virtue of its full membership, has enjoyed all advantages' b'of the ec, obtaining huge grants and extensive subsidies.' b'turkiye, having no access at all to similar financial supports,' b'has nevertheless managed to create a better economy which' b'enabled it to produce consecutive current accounts surplus' b'over the last two years. as such, turkiye deserves to be the' b'only country in its region having permanent current accounts' b'surplus.' b'' b'' b'serdar argic' b'' b"'we closed the roads and mountain passes that" b'might serve as ways of escape for the turks' b"and then proceeded in the work of extermination.'" b'(ohanus appressian b"'in soviet armenia today there no longer exists" b"a single turkish soul.' (sahak melkonian b'' b'' 