b'' b'(raffi r kojian) says:' b'' b'[ic] there are some armenians here, in the usa.' b'[ic] in fact, there are some areas where armenians are majority.' b'[ic] suppose, a large group of people of one of such area decides,' b'[ic] that the us "government is not representing their interests, and vote for' b'[ic] seperation" from the usa.' b'' b'the armenians you refer to have chosen to come to the united states lawfully' b'and peacefully. however, if armenians invade the united states and force' b'americans to either flee or become armenians, it will not succeed. similarly,' b'the armenians of karabakh are being forced by azerbaijan to either become' b'azeris or leave, and it also will not succeed, as has been demonstrated.' b'' b'karabakh, irrespective of its geographic position situated technically within' b'the stalin-prepared borders of azerbaijan, has been long oppressed and' b'eventually was invaded in by azeri omon and soviet forces, resulting in' b'the northern third of this armenian area being depopulated of armenians. the' b'armenians have been fighting back ever since.' b'' b"clearly, you feel it rather ridiculous for armenians, of let's say glendale," b'california, to engage in an independence movement for a free and independent' b'glendale. similarly, the azerbaijanis are engaging in a losing attempt at' b'claiming sovereignty over the land and people of karabakh, who have lived' b'continuously in karabakh a thousand years before the first central asian' b'invaders ever stepped foot in the caucasus.' b'' b'[ic] should they get it?' b'[ic] and should the un enforce their will?' b'[ic] and is it a simple, beautiful concept, indeed?' b'' b'your analogy has broken down because you have switched positions of the victim' b'and invader. a better analogy would be the direct parallel between armenians' b'of karabakh and native americans. now, if you wish, we can discuss the tenets' b'of might versus right and the policies of settler nations!' b'' b'' b'--' b's.d.p.a. center for regional studies anatolia and has forgotten the' b'p.o. box punishment inflicted on it." b'cambridge, ma late turkish president turgut ozal' 