b'' b'on cochran) writes:' b" i'd like to add the beretta gtz as a car which will kick gs-r butt" b" anyday, and it's a lot cheaper to boot" b'' b'comparing the gtz and gsr is apples to oranges, somewhat like a mustang b'and a crx, both have very different ways of doing things and ought to' b"appeal to different buyers, i.e., i don't think an acura owner would" b'be seen dead in a chevy dealership or vice versa.' b'' b'[stuff deleted]' b'' b'are all -weather xgtv4, not to mention that the integra rides alot better than' b'' b'no integra i have seen comes with all-season tires.' b'the gtz does come with much bigger wheels.' b'' b'along with the integra, and the car does that with small inch tires that' b'your acceleartion times also vary, magazine to magazine' b'road track and car& driver have the gs-r at to for road and track.' b'' b'the c+d figures are almost certainly bogus and based on a hot prototype' b'supplied by acura. the mt figures are more plausible.' b'' b'also quarter mile times vary from to b'16.1 sounds reasonable, probably faster than regular integras.' b'' b' so, the beretta can out handle the integra and it can certainly keep' b'up with it in acceleration. and the beretta probably has a higher top' b'speed due to the horsepower advantage (hp/torque) for the' b'integra vs. for the beretta).' b"***you always believe those exact numbers, why don't you drive a gs-r, and see" b'for your self, while the gs-r has a low torqye, its high gearing over a b'' b'the gsr gearing is horrible for day to day driving. it needs a speed' b'box more than any other modern car. essentially 5th in a regualr integra' b'equals 4th in the gsr, and the regular integras are very buzzy at speed.' b'' b"rpm make up for the difference (still wouldn't call it a torque moster though!)" b'' b'considering you save almost dollars for the beretta, and the quad4' b"is a reliable engine, it doesn't make sense to get the integra as a" b'' b'the only person i knew with a gtz had it bought back by gm as a lemon. it' b'was a piecve of junk, but very quick for fwd.' b'' b"quad reliable, yeah, what's your definition of reliable- if that's reliable," b'then its safe to say that integra engines in general are near perfect' b'' b'the only gsr owner i know had the engine throw a rod with less than 5k' b'miles, a rare screw up by honda.' b'both the gtz and gsr are flawed cars. the performance enthusiasts would take' b'the gtz and the cr purchase would be the gsr.' b'' b'' b'craig' 