b'' b' you will be surprised at the number of people who forget their glasses' b" while driving. and then there are the people who just plain don't get" b' their eyes checked once a year.' b'' b'as someone who has lousy vision, i can see objects at a distance without' b'my glasses. however, they are quite fuzzy and i may not be able to make' b'out the details. but i can certainly tell that something is there.' b'' b'' b"i won't argue too much about anything. i am probably one of those that" b"think that we can't have enough safety on the roads. i would gladly" b'sacrifice distractions (as you call it), than someone having trouble seeing' b'danger earlier. one saved life justifies more than my lifetime of "distractions"' b'for me.' b'' b'' b' and then there is dawn and dusk. when your eyes have not yet adjusted' b' to the poor light. and there are those who drive black/grey cars. and' b' then there is the case where you are driving down a two-way one lane' b' road, and someone is overtaking cars, and coming the opposite direction' b" doesn't see you because your lights are not on. or vice versa. at 60mph," b' that is quite a small reaction time. but of course, we are too macho to' b' think we are invincible and can react faster than that.... only the poor' b" sod who you didn't see might not have a normal life ever..." b'' b'i worked out the reaction time in a previous post and its plenty, even for' b'an year old grandma, as long as speeds are in the mph range or less.' b'if you or some other driver is going way faster than that, then be careful.' b'' b'as always, you are responsible for your driving actions. if you pull out to' b"pass and crash into someone (for whatever reason) its your fault. if you can't" b'' b'' b'problem is that, i may just kill the guy. i agree that i would be at fault,' b'and i will have my license revoked, why, i might even go to the gas chamber.' b'but the fact still remains that the guy is dead. someone died because i' b'was too stingy to put on my lights.' b'' b'' b"see a damn thing, then you shouldn't be driving lights fail, fallen trees" b"or rocks don't have lights, etc.... i maintain that headlight strength" b'' b'' b'the ratio of the probability of fallen trees/rocks on the roads to' b'oncoming traffic is too low to even be considered. the difference is also' b'working on what we *know* could happen, to what *might* happen.' b'' b'' b'running lights are not necessary for motorists who drive around 60mph. it may' b'be a good idea to force the running or headlights on when you turn your' b'windshield wipers on, but only because some people are too stupid to do so.' b'if you crash into one of those idiots, you have to fight it out in court to' b'show his neglegence (if you can even prove it).' b'' b'' b' just out of curiosity, how much gas-milage do you loose when you put' b' your lights on? and how much do you reduce the life of your head-lamps?' b' and what is the cost of your headlamps anyway?' b'' b'mileage is certainly reduced, but by a very very small amount (probably' b'about watts for head and running lights). this is an extra horsepower' b'that must be made by the engine. it may be that this will cost you around two' b"gallons a year. but times million cars, that's a lot of gas." b'' b'compared to the number of gallons of gas consumed by those million cars,' b'it is miniscule!' b'' b"whatever..... 'tis a pity i have to share the same roads with a person" b'not concerned with safety.' b'' b'-s' b'' b'' b'lamp life is measured in hours. so if you normally drive in half daylight and' b'half night, your lamps will have to be replaced twice as often. headlamps' b'only cost about $10us for most halogen lamps.' b'' b'the cost to the individual is trivial and to me is not the issue. what i' b"don't like is the distractions all these cars with headlights cause. i don't" b"need to constantly see the headlights of the vehicle behind me. i don't need" b'to see the headlights of every gosh darn car for a mile down the road. these' b'lit up cars make non-illuminated things less visible (like pedistrians and' b"bikes). hopefully we're not going to mandate drl's for people and bikes" b'too.' b'' b'a stream of taillights is tolerable as are the orange front running lights.' b'this is certainly sufficient for other people to see you (if they look) and' b"doesn't distract me nearly as much as full power headlights." b'' b'\t\tmark' b'' b'' 