b'' b'apologies if this is a faq (is there a faq posting for this group? i' b"am an infrequent reader of rec.autos, so i can't remember)." b'' b'i am in the market for a used chevy suburban, and have observed that' b'prices for models with diesel engines run about less than' b'comparable models with a gas engine.' b'' b'there has to be a reason for this.' b'' b"yes, there is: consumer confusion. in the early 80's with the" b'fuel crisis, etc., everyone wanted better fuel mileage. diesel fuel' b'was the cheapest fuel available and usually provides better mileage' b'than comparable gasoline engines. so, gm decided to conver their' b'350 gas engine into a diesel engine (i think was a liter). big' b'mistake. the engine was not redesigned, but converted. the engine' b'could not handle the higher compression, etc. lots of problems with' b'these cars. this thew up a big red flag to the casual observer b'don"t buy a diesel. they are bad. this was a gross generalization.' b'' b'ask yourself this question if your livelihood depended on driving,' b'lots of it, would you use a dependable or undependable (but cheaper' b'in the short run) vehicle? what do greyhound busses have in them?' b'trailer trucks? even train locomotives? are these gasoline engines?' b'no, they are diesel. tractor trailer truck manufacturers provide a' b'500,000 mile warrantee with they vehicles.' b'' b'i own an diesel suburban. the 6.2l diesel is a great engine.' b'just keeps going. it was more expensive (when new) than the gasoline' b'engine vehicle was. the only problem with diesel engines is that' b'when they need to be rebuilt, they are expensive. in a gas b'engine, you will pay about for a rebuild. diesel 6.2l is about' b'$2000. but then again, the diesel engine lasts about twice as long' b'and gets about better mileage. a carburator for a gasoline engine' b'costs about to rebuild (or less). a rebuild of the fuel injection' b'pump on a diesel will cost about (or more). but then again,' b'you never need a tune-up.' b'' b"if you're looking at a rebuilt 6.2l, i'd say you got a great deal." b'check to see if the fuel injection pump was rebuilt also.' b'' b'good luck.' 