b'' b'' b'' b'| q: what is ka band radar? where is it used? should a radar detector be' b'| able to handle it?' b'|' b'| a: ka band has recently been made available by the fcc for use in the us' b'| in so-called photo-radar installations. in these installations, a' b'| low-powered beam is aimed across the road at a degree angle to the' b'| direction of traffic, and a picture is taken of vehicles which the' b'| radar unit determines to have been in violation of the speed limit.' b'| tickets are mailed to the owner of the vehicle. because of the low' b'| power and the degree angle, many people believe that a radar' b'| detector cannot give reasonable warning of a ka band radar unit,' b'| although some manufacturers of radar detectors have added such' b'| capability anyway. the number of locales where photo-radar is in use' b'| is limited, and some question the legality of such units. best advice:' b'| learn what photo radar units look like, and keep track of where they' b"| are used (or else, don't speed.)" b'' b'photo radar and mailed tickets make no sense at all. speeding is a moving' b'violation, committed by the operator, not the owner. the owner may be a' b'rental agency, a dealer, a private party, or a government agency. as long' b'as the owner has no reason to expect the operator will be driving illegally' b'or unsafely, the owner cannot be held responsible for what the operator does.' b"the car may even have been driven without the owner's knowledge or consent." b"i can't believe a mailed ticket, where the driver is not identified, would" b'stand up in court. this is obviously a lazy, cynical, boneheaded, fascist' b'way to extort revenue, and has nothing to do with public safety.' b'' b'- bk' b'' b'' b'' b'we had those f*****g photo-radar things here in sweden a while ago.' b'there was a lot of fuzz about them, and a lot of sabotage too (a spray-can' b'with touch-up paint can do a lot of good...).' b'' b'eventually they had to drop the idea as there were a lot of court-cases' b"where the owner of the car could prove he didn't drive it at the time" b'of speeding.' b'' b'i especially recall a case where it eventually proved to be a car-thief that' b'had stolen a car and made false plates. he, ofcourse, chose a license number' b'of a identical car, so the photo seemed correct...' b'' b'in conclosion: photo-radar sucks, every way you look at it!' b'' b'/ markus' 