b'' b'(wen-king su) wrote:' b'' b'' b" <apparently you're not a woman my husband hates the auto door locks" b' features, but forgets that besides families with children, a woman' b' <feels safer in a car that locks easily (in addition to watching around' b" checking out if anyone's near me when i get to my car never park" b" <in a secluded spot, etc have my keys ready to open the door so i'm" b' not fumbling in my purse looking for them b'' b" this has me thinking. is there a biological reason why women can't put" b' their keys in their pants pockets like men do? i have two pockets on the' b' back of each of my pants. i put my keys in one and wallent in another.' b' many of the pockets even have a botton on them so i can close them securely.' b" everything is that much simpler for me. why can't women do the same?" b' is is biological (ie, not enough room for a bigger bottom plus keys and' b' a wallet) or is it the way they are raised by the parents?' b'' b"women's pants rarely have pockets and most, when they do, are too" b'shallow to use!' b'' b'i is very important for a woman to have her keys in her hand when' b'she goes from building to a car. it is protect herself from' b'would be assilants by broadcasting that this is someone who' b'as a definite place of safty (ie a locked car!).' b'' b'puting keys and walet looks ugly! it breaks the lines and makes' b'you rear look wide as a cows!' b'' b'also, to have the habits that' b'work for any clothing situation, the pruse functions no mater' b'what you are wearing! (even nude or a bikni)' b'' b"a women's suit coat is lucky to have pockets on the outside," b"none on the inside). i have men's coats that have as much as b'pockets! this is definitally not fair!!!' b'' b"as one that wears both men's and women's clothes, i can tell you," b"women's clothes have few if any funtional pockets!" b'' b'when dressed as a man, i put my wallet on my inside coat pocket and' b'my keys in a coat outside pocket. it is much more covenent' b'than the pants pockets and looks better.' b'' b'having a car that unlocks quickly and locks back fast is' b"paramout to a woman's safty. men don't see this as a problem." b'a woman is aware of this every time she goes out! (i.e.' b'image some red necks yelling at you "we are going to fuck you!"' b'and the out weight you by lbs and have inches in hight' b'on you!)' b'' b'if you want to find out why a women does something, live as one!' b'' b'celeste' 