b'' b'' b' so, i block the would-be passers. not only for my own good b' b' but theirs as well even though they are often too stupid to realize it.' b' b" as a rule of philosophy, i don't feel particularly sorry when somebody gets" b' offed by his own stupidity, but it does worry me when some idiot is in a' b' position to cash in my chips, too.' b' h.h. mayo' b'' b" well, aren't we just mr. altruism himself!! just what the world needs," b' another frustrated self appointed traffic cop.' b'' b'well, if you want to stick the nose of your car up the ass of a foot semi,' b"i suppose it's your neck, however, i'm not going to let you kill me in the" b'bargain. if you get frustrated by somebody delaying your inevitable death' b'due to less that wise driving practices, then tough!!!' b'' b'well, i never wrote that i would act as you described. i stated that i' b'would not block a would-be passer. i would not block a would-be passer' b'"for their own good" or for any reason other than i was prevented from' b'doing so due to the traffic circumstance. i fail to see how deterring a' b'passer under these circumstance would in any way decrease your chances' b'of being involved in an accident, fatal or otherwise. in fact, i could' b'imagine how blocking a would-be passer would actually increase your' b'chances of being "offed" or involved in an accident, especially if' b'this "passer" is riding your bumper. intentionally blocking a person' b'riding your bumper is certainly not a "wise driving practice", it' b'only causes the jam to become more congested.' b'' b"i don't mess with trucks and i actually watch the road ahead and the" b'road behind! if i perceive that i am rapidly closing on a "pack"' b'of vehicles, i try to avoid getting caught up in situation such as you' b'decribe. usually either traffic is just building and i have to deal' b'with this fact of life, or i wait to a slow passer to complete their' b'pass and make way for the pack to clear. if someone decides then to' b'pull up on my bumper, i signal my intention to move to the right, and' b'do so at the first opportunity hope they will open the jam). i' b'feel this is not only courteous driving, but alot safer than the' b'actions you advocate!!! there are actually many courteous drivers' b'on the road who do not intentionally impede others.' b'' b'if someone in front of me seems to be oblivious to the fact that they' b'are blocking traffic i use my blinker or flash my lights, or, if all' b'else fails, will briefly speed up /slow down so they might get the' b'message that i am a faster vehicle trying to pass. i feel it is never' b"safe to ride anyone's bumper. if someone is intentionally blocking" b'traffic, because they feel that it is civil duty or philosophic duty' b'or for some unfathomable reason, i feel they deserve, at the very least,' b'derision. (sorry this is soooooooo long.)' 