b'' b'vervaeke) writes:' b' experience with jeep service dept b'' b'while not exactly a service incident, i had a similar experience recently' b'when i bought a new truck.' b'' b'i had picked out the vehicle i wanted and after a little haggling we' b'agreed on a price. i wrote them a check for the down payment plus tax' b"and license and told them i'd be back that evening to pick up the truck." b'when i returned, i had to wait about an hour before the finance guy could' b'get to me. when i finally got in there, everything went smoothly until he' b'started adding up the numbers. he then discovered that they had' b'miscalculated the tax license by about he then said he needed' b'another from me. i said we had already agreed on a price and it was' b"their problem, i wasn't giving them any more money. the finance guy then" b'brought in the manager on duty who proceeded to give me a hard time. i' b"reminded him that i was the customer and i didn't think i should be" b"treated like that and that if he didn't back off he could forget the whole" b'deal. he made some smart remark so i told him where he could stick it,' b'snatched back my check and left. needless to say, they were not pleased by' b'the turn of events.' b'' b'early the next morning i got a call from the general sales manager wanting' b'to know what happened. i related the story and he apologised profusely and' b'asked if there was anything they could do to change my mind. i told him' b"that if they gave me the truck for free i probably still wouldn't take it," b'that there were other dealers in town, i was a repeat customer of theirs' b'and that they should learn how to treat customers,etc,etc...i was still' b'pretty steamed about the whole affair. he gave me the line about hating to' b'lose a customer and they would try to find a solution, etc, etc. i told' b"him not to bother, thanks, i'd go somewhere else." b'' b'a couple hours later, the owner of the dealership called me, all' b'apologetic, etc, etc, etc, and said that they would cover the plus' b"knock another off the price of the truck. i told him i'd think about" b"it and he gave me his private, direct phone number, his secretary's name," b'and assured me that they valued me as a customer, etc etc etc....' b'' b'i thought about it for a few hours and discussed it with my wife and we' b'decided, what the hell...that was a pretty decent deal, so i called him' b'back and accepted his offer. when i went back the next day to pick up the' b'truck, i received the royal treatment. everyone seemed to know about the' b'incident, even the lot boy. everything went smoothly and i was out of' b'there in my new truck in about mins.' b'' b"so, i guess i'm a reasonably satisfied customer. however, it should not" b'have happened in the first place. i was a bit shocked to have a sales' b"person talk to me like that. i don't expect them to bow and grovel, but i" b"sure don't expect to be given a hard time either, esp. when it's their" b'mistake.' b'' b"anyway, i'm happy with the truck and it turned out to be a couple hundred" b"dollars under invoice and they paid most of the first year's license fee." b"i'm not sure whether i'll go back to that dealer, tho." b'' b'mark' 