b'' b'archive-name: rec-autos/part4' b'' b'[this article is one of a pair of articles containing commonly' b'asked automotive questions; the other article contains questions' b'of general consumer interest, and is broken out to facilitate' b'crossposting to misc.consumers rpw]' b'' b'[last change: february ct now permits radar detector usage,' b'new tire-traction q&a rpw]' b'' b'commonly asked questions' b'' b'radar questions:' b'' b'q: where are radar detectors illegal?' b'' b'a: in the us, currently virgina and the district of columbia prohibit' b'all usage of radar detectors. new york prohibits their use in' b'large trucks. in canada, they are illegal in manitoba, ontario,' b'quebec, newfoundland and pei (prince edward island). they' b'are apparently are illegal through most, if not all, of europe.' b'legislation which would make them illegal is pending in many other' b'jurisdictions; chances of such legislation passing varies a great deal.' b'' b'q: where are radar detector detectors used? do they really work?' b'' b'a: usage is spreading rapidly; initially they were used only in canada,' b'but now they are appearing in new york and virginia. it is unsafe' b'to assume that they are not in use in connecticut and d.c.' b'they work by detecting a certain frequency radiated by many currently' b'available super het radar detectors; some brands of detector radiate' b'more strongly than others, and are thus more likely to be spotted.' b'new radar detectors are becoming available which may not be detected' b'by the current generation of detector detectors. note that a' b'detector may only be spotted by one of these devices if it is turned' b'on.' b'' b'q: what is vascar? is it some kind of radar?' b'' b'a: vascar is nothing more than a fancy stopwatch and time-speed-distance' b'computer. it depends on the operator pressing buttons as the target' b'vehicle passes landmarks. no radar signals are emitted by a vascar' b'system.' b'' b'q: what is ka band radar? where is it used? should a radar detector be' b'able to handle it?' b'' b'a: ka band has recently been made available by the fcc for use in the us' b'in so-called photo-radar installations. in these installations, a' b'low-powered beam is aimed across the road at a degree angle to the' b'direction of traffic, and a picture is taken of vehicles which the' b'radar unit determines to have been in violation of the speed limit.' b'tickets are mailed to the owner of the vehicle. because of the low' b'power and the degree angle, many people believe that a radar' b'detector cannot give reasonable warning of a ka band radar unit,' b'although some manufacturers of radar detectors have added such' b'capability anyway. the number of locales where photo-radar is in use' b'is limited, and some question the legality of such units. best advice:' b'learn what photo radar units look like, and keep track of where they' b"are used (or else, don't speed.)" b'' b'q: do radar jammers work? are they legal?' b'' b'a: quick answer: no, and not in the usa.' b'detailed answer: cheap radar jammers do not work well at all.' b'jammers that work are expensive and usually the property of the' b'military. jammers are a major violation of the regulations of the' b'federal communications commission of the usa.' b'' b'driving technique and vehicle dynamics questions:' b'' b'q: what are understeer and oversteer?' b'' b'a: understeer and oversteer are terms describing the behaviour of a' b"car while cornering near the `limit' (limit of adhesion, that is.)" b'most drivers do not normally drive hard enough for these terms to' b'be descriptive of the situations they encounter. simply put, they' b"tell whether the car wants to go straight in a corner (steer `less'," b"or `understeer') or it wants to turn more in a corner (`oversteer'.)" b'understeer is commonly designed into most production cars so that' b"untrained drivers, inadvertantly traveling too fast, won't get into" b'trouble. understeer may also be induced by using too much throttle' b'in a corner. oversteer is designed into some more performance' b'oriented cars; it may be induced by lifting on the throttle (trailing' b'throttle oversteer, or tto). in extreme cases, lifting on the throttle' b'may induce so much oversteer that the car reacts by fishtailing or' b'spinning.' b'' b'some technical details: in a corner at speed, the tires on the car' b"will develop what are called `slip angles'; the slip angle is the" b'angular difference between the direction that the car is traveling' b'and the direction that the steering wheel is directing the car to' b'travel. in understeer, the front wheels have a greater slip angle' b'than the rear wheels. in oversteer, the rear wheels have a greater' b'slip angle than the front wheels.' b'' b'q: what is a rev-matched downshift?' b'' b'a: when downshifting, the engine must be rotating faster in the lower gear' b'than it was in the higher gear. however, during a downshift, normally' b'you declutch and lift your foot from the throttle, so the revs drop' b'rather than increase. in rev-matched downshift, you blip the throttle' b'before re-engaging the clutch so that the engine will already be up to' b'the new speed. this results in a much smoother and faster downshift.' b'' b'q: what does heel-and-toe mean?' b'' b'a: heel-and-toe is a technique used to do a rev-matched downshift while' b'braking. this is normally challenging, because you need the right foot' b'for both the brake and throttle. it is called heel-and-toe because you' b'use one end of the foot on the brake, and the other on the throttle to' b'match revs for the downshift. in many modern cars this is a misnomer;' b'often you must use the ball of the foot on the brake and the right side' b'on the throttle.' b'' b'note that some race car drivers will skip the clutch, and just use the' b'left foot on the brake and the right foot on the throttle, accomplishing' b'the same thing.' b'' b'q: what is double-clutch downshifting?' b'' b'a: while your right foot is doing the above, your left foot can do one of' b'three things: nothing, declutch once, or declutch twice. the reason for' b'declutching twice is to match the speeds of the two shafts in the' b'transmission to the speed of the engine. this is usually coupled with' b'rev-matching, so that while the engine is in neutral and the clutch' b'engaged, the throttle is blipped and both shafts of the transmission' b'speed up.' b'' b'the procedure is as follows:' b'(0) declutch' b'(1) move gearshift lever to neutral' b'(2) engage clutch' b'(3) match revs' b'(4) declutch' b'(5) move gearshift lever to next lower gear' b'(6) engage clutch' b'' b'this sounds like a lot of work, but with practice it becomes natural.' b'the problem that double-clutching solves is normally the function of the' b'synchronizers within the gearbox. in transmissions without synchros or' b'with very worn synchros, double-clutching makes it much easier to shift.' b'basically, if you double-clutch well, you are not using the synchros at' b'all. this is generally unnecessary on street cars with synchros in good' b'condition.' b'' b'q: what do the numbers for acceleration from mile, skidpad, and' b'slalom times in the auto magazines really mean? may they be compared?' b'' b'a: in short, not as much as the magazines want you to believe, and' b'2) almost never.' b'' b'in more detail: the acceleration numbers (0-60mph and mile times' b'in the us) may be vaguely compared as long as they all come from the' b'same source. testing procedures vary so much from magazine to magazine' b'that comparing a road track number to a car driver number is quite' b'pointless. keep in mind, too, that the same variation applies from' b'driver to driver on the street; the driver is a major (often *the*' b'major) part of the equation.' b'' b"skidpads vary, and even if they didn't, skidpad figures are really" b'only tests of the stickiness of the stock tires; they change radically' b'when tire compounds change. do not make any assumptions about the' b'comparative handling of, say, two sports sedans based on skidpad numbers.' b'this is not to suggest that skidpads are without value, however. skidpads' b'are an excellent educational tool at driving schools. they are simply' b'of limited value in the comparison of anything except tires.' b'' b'slalom times are slightly more useful; they test some small parts of the' b"automobile's transient response. however, they are also heavily influenced" b'by the stock rubber on the car, and they do not test many corners of the' b"car's envelope. they do not tell you all you need to know before making" b"a buying decision. for example, they don't tell you what the rear end" b'of the car will do on a road which suddenly goes off-camber. when a car' b"has an adjustable suspension, these tests are usually done in the `sport'" b'setting, which may be quite unsuitable for daily driving. the list of' b'caveats could go on for page after page.' b'' b"q: my buddy claims that wide tires don't make any difference, according" b"to his freshman physics textbook, and that you can't ever accelerate" b"or corner at more than 1.0g. does he know what he's talking about?" b'' b"a: in short: he hasn't got a clue." b'' b'2) in more detail: the equations for friction used in freshman physics' b'textbooks presume that the surfaces are smooth, dry and non-deformable,' b'none of which properly apply to tire traction except in the case of a' b'stone cold tire on dry pavement which is far below its proper operating' b'temperature.' b'' b'pavement is _never_ smooth; it is always irregular to a greater or lesser' b'extent. tires, which are not really dry and solid (as rubber is a' b'substance which in its natural form is liquid, and which has only been' b'coerced into a semblance of solidity by chemical magic), deform to match' b'the surface of the pavement which a vehicle is traveling over. in a tire' b'at operating temperature, grip is actually generated by shear stresses' b'inside the deformed rubber, and not by anything even remotely resembling' b'friction in the freshman physics sense of the term. the colder a tire' b'is relative to its operating temperature, the closer its behaviour will' b'be to the traditional concept of friction; if much hotter than the its' b'proper operating temperature, the more likely the possibility of some' b"part of the tire actually ``reverting'' to liquid, which is mostly like" b'to happen deep in the tread, causing characteristic blisters and chunking.' b'(this latter, though, is almost completely unlikely to happen in normal' b"street driving, so unless you're a competition driver or do a lot of" b"high speed track driving, don't worry about it.)" b'' b'because tire traction is completely out of the domain of simple friction,' b'it does not obey the freshman physics equation at all; thus dragsters' b'accelerate at more than 1.0g and race cars corner and brake at more than' b'1.0g. because simple friction does not apply, it is actually possible' b'for different sized contact patches to generate differing amounts of' b'grip. an actual analysis of tire behavior would require techniques' b'such as finite element analysis, due to the complexity of the mechanism.' b'' b'misc. questions:' b'' b'q: what does <name or acronym stand for?' b'' b'a: here is a list of some of the names which are commonly asked' b'about; be careful in soliciting the meanings of other names' b'as misinformation abounds on the net. in particular, never' b'ask in rec.humor if you want a useful result.' b'' b'saab: svenska aeroplan a. b.,' b'or the swedish airplane corporation' b'' b'alfa: societa anonima lombarda fabbrica automobili,' b'or the lombardy automobile manufacturing company' b'' b'fiat: fabbrica italiana di automobili torino,' b'or the italian automobile manufacturers of turin' b'' b'bmw: bayerische motoren werke,' b'or bavarian motor works' b'' b'mg: morris garage' b'' b'' b'q: does vw own porsche?' b'' b'a: no. porsche is a publicly held company, controlled by the porsche and' b'piech families. porsche has extensive business dealings with vw/audi,' b'which causes some confusion. since currently porsche is in some' b'financial difficulty, there is a possibility that mercedes or vw may' b'be interested in purchasing the company in the near future, but this' b'is only speculation at this time.' b'--' b'``nothing good has ever been reported about the full rotation of' b"a race car about either its pitch or roll axis'' carroll smith" 