b'' b'archive-name: rec-autos/part1' b'' b'[most recent changes, march addition of alt.autos.karting rpw]' b'' b'=== welcome to rec.autos.* b'' b'this article is sent out automatically each month, and contains a general' b'description of the purpose of each of the automotive newsgroups, and' b"some suggested guidelines for discussions. the keywords `monthly posting'" b'will always appear to make killing this article easy for users of' b'newsreaders with kill facilities. this article is posted to all autos' b"groups, but followups are directed only to rec.autos. if you don't" b'understand what this means, ask your system administrator for help, or at' b'least for copies of the newuser documentation. failing that, please' b'subscribe to the newsgroup news.announce.newusers and read the' b'documentation provided there.' b'' b'introduction to the rec.autos newsgroup hierarchy:' b'' b'rec.autos.tech' b'' b'is intended for technical discussions of automobiles, their design,' b'construction, diagnosis, and service. other discussions are largely' b'inappropriate, especially for sale ads.' b'' b'rec.autos.sport' b'' b'is intended for discussion of legal, organized competition involving' b'automobiles. technical discussions are appropriate insofar as they apply' b'to competition vehicles. discussion from either of two viewpoints,' b'spectator and participant, is encouraged. arguments about sports cars are' b'largely inappropriate, as are most other discussions. for sale ads are' b'inappropriate unless they are for competition vehicles and/or equipment.' b'discussions of illegal events are marginal; one should probably avoid' b'advocating breaking the law. (remember, the fbi reads usenet!)' b'' b'rec.autos.driving' b'' b'is intended for discussions related to the driving of automobiles.' b'also, if you must discuss vs. or radar detectors, or <insert' b'your pet driving peeve boneheads, do it here.' b'' b'rec.autos.vw' b'' b'is intended for discussion of issues related to the use and ownership' b'of automobiles manufactured by volkswagen (this includes vws, audis,' b'seats, etc.) it was created on the grounds that the info-vw mailing' b'list was very successful. it should not be presumed from the existence' b'of this group that it is appropriate to create many groups to cover many' b'different marques; groups specific to individual marques should only be' b'created on demonstration of sufficient interest, via some avenue such as' b'a mailing list.' b'' b'rec.audio.car' b'' b'is not properly part of the rec.autos.* hierarchy. it is, however,' b'the correct place for discussion of automotive audio equipment, and' b'so is mentioned here.' b'' b'rec.autos.antique' b'' b'is intended for the discussion of older cars (usually more than years' b'old, although this is not a hard-and-fast rule.)' b'' b'alt.hotrod' b'' b'is not part of the hierarchy, but also of potential interest to the' b'rec.autos reader. it is gatewayed to the moderated hotrod mailing' b'list, and is for serious discussion of modifying and developing' b'performance vehicles.' b'' b'alt.autos.rod-n-custom' b'' b"also not part of the `official' hierarchy; devoted to that peculiar" b'american hobby of customizing older cars.' b'' b'alt.autos.karting' b'' b'for the discussion of the popular motorsport and hobby, karting.' b'' b'rec.autos' b'' b'is intended to capture discussion on all other automotive topics.' b'' b'' b'crossposting:' b'' b'crossposting occurs when more than one newsgroup name is included on' b'the newsgroups: line in the article header; such articles will appear' b'in all of the newsgroups listed.' b'' b'crossposting is one of the most misunderstood and misused facilities on' b'usenet. you should only post to a group because you feel an article is' b'appropriate; you should never crosspost just to reach a particular' b'audience. this distinction is subtle, but important. radar detector' b'articles, for example, are more-or-less appropriate in rec.autos. they are' b'almost never appropriate in sci.electronics or rec.ham-radio, and the fact' b'that you might want to reach the audience in sci.electronics or' b'rec.ham-radio is not adequate justification for posting to either group.' b'' b'crossposting between any or all of the rec.autos.* groups is usually' b'inappropriate; if you find yourself doing so, consider whether or not it is' b'truly advisable, before sending your article. consider setting followup-to:' b'to point to only one newsgroup if you feel you must crosspost.' b'' b'crossposting between rec.autos.* and misc.consumers is chancy at best; in' b'particular flame wars over the speed limit in the us and/or the use of' b'radar detectors should never be crossposted between any of these groups.' b'' b"most readers of sci.electronics and rec.radio.* couldn't care less about" b'the police radar and radar detector arguments that go on endlessly in' b'rec.autos.' b'' b'it is an excellent idea to check the newsgroups: and followup-to: lines of' b'articles before posting a followup. in particular, be wary of posting to' b'misc.test, rec.arts.startrek.*, or talk.bizarre, or any combination of these' b'three. the life you save may be your own.' b'' b'distribution:' b'' b'there is a field in the header of any news article which allows you to' b'(partially) control where the article goes; it is called the distribution' b'field. it may be very useful for many reasons; it should also serve' b'as a reminder that news is a very large and widespread system.' b'' b'the distribution of rec.autos.* is fairly extensive. as of this writing,' b'the automotive newsgroups are known to reach most of europe, australia,' b'new zealand, and some locations in japan. with this in mind, i offer the' b'following hints about use of the distribution: field in your article' b'headers, and on article content.' b'' b'1) please take care not to send for-sale ads about clapped out ford' b'mavericks in new jersey to france or california; i doubt that anyone in' b'either place will care, except for my girlfriend, who for some strange' b'reason likes mavericks (but only 4-door mavericks, at that.)' b'' b'2) when posting technical questions, please include the market for which' b'your car was manufactured. for example, there are a number of differences' b'between a european-market ford escort and a us-market escort. likewise,' b'all 1750cc and early 2000cc alfa romeos reached the us with spica fuel' b'injection; european market cars usually got carbs (often webers). these' b'differences can be important to your readers; make your situation clear.' b'failure to do so can lead to pointless flame wars and a significant' b'spread of misinformation.' b'' b'3) be careful about your capacities and specifications when posting;' b'in the us we get a mix of metric and english system values, whereas' b'europe is almost entirely on the metric system. a future edition' b'of this monthly posting will contain a list of commonly-used' b'abbreviations that may not be known in some places that rec.autos' b'reaches; this cuts both ways so let us not be parochial about it.' b'' b'4) use the distribution: field to limit where your article goes, when' b'possible. within north america, the values na (north america), can' b'(canada), and usa may be used. in addition, the two-letter state' b'abbreviations of the us are supported in some cases; e.g. if i wanted' b'to send an article only to new york and new jersey, i could put' b'"ny,nj" in a distribution field. note that multiple, comma-separated' b'values are legal. these distribution fields vary widely, however, so' b'you should check with your local sysadmin to find out what is likely' b'to be supported in your area.' b'' b'the dangers of overgeneralization:' b'' b'to amplify a warning from the distribution section of this article:' b'be wary of making foolish assumptions about all cars, tires, etc. what is' b'true for a buick with a 455cid engine may be quite utterly wrong for a' b'1976 honda with a 1200cc engine. headlight laws in sweden are decidedly' b'different from those in idaho.' b'' b'the need for adequate specification:' b'' b'when you ask a question, please give a reasonable amount of information;' b'e.g., if you have a question about your honda, please specify year,' b'model, engine size, etc. otherwise, most answers to your question may be' b'quite useless.' b'' b'' b'concerning lemons:' b'' b'at one time or another, every auto manufacturer has manufactured a lemon or' b"two; even honda admits to this. please don't waste everyone's time by" b"announcing to the world that your `brand x' automobile is terrible, so all" b"`brand x' automobiles are terrible, so no one should ever buy a car from" b"the `brand x' company. such articles are worse than useless, because they" b'cause substantial wasted bandwidth while carrying little or no useful' b'information.' b'' b'' b'concerning flames:' b'' b'as much as we might wish it, a flame-free newsgroup is something that most' b'likely will never occur. here are some guidelines for flames and how' b'to deal with them (a list of flame-prone topics follows in the next section' b'of this posting):' b'' b"if you post something truly obnoxious and inflammatory, don't imagine for a" b"minute that including the words `no flames' will work. it won't, and" b"you'll get exactly what you deserve." b'' b"if you're going to flame, you're more likely to get away with it if you can" b'cite a fact or maybe a well-known reference. no one is likely to believe' b'bald, unsupported assertions.' b'' b'be careful about who you choose to insult. consider not insulting anyone.' b'' b'' b'asking the question:' b'' b'it is a bad idea to post a question and end it with a phrase like `please' b"send email, i don't read this group'. it is a much better idea to" b'end the question with `please send email, if there is sufficient interest' b"i'll summarize the results in a later posting. i may miss posted responses" b"to this request'." b'' b'answering the question:' b'' b"if someone wants to hop up their yugo, don't tell them to get a mustang." b'either be silent, or give them useful advice. if someone wants advice on' b"defending a speeding ticket, don't tell them to obey the law next time b"it's offensive, presumes guilt which is not proven, and doesn't directly" b"address the original question. in general, don't post in order to see" b"your words in print, and don't post in order to enjoy feeling smug and" b'self-righteous.' b'' b'' b'stale and/or inflammatory topics:' b'' b"certain topics are considered stale by `old timers'; while discussion of" b'them is certainly ok, and new, factual information is welcome, ravings' b'about them are extremely tiresome, and may get the person who posts them' b'ignored altogether. some topics are naturally inflammatory; it is' b'difficult if not impossible to have meaningful discussion of them. some' b'of these topics include the following:' b'' b'1) the 55mph speed limit in the us: pro and con' b'' b'2) discussions about the morality and legality of the sale and usage of' b'radar detectors.' b'' b'3) discussions over which radar detector is best.' b'' b'4) discussions over what is a sports car (this is one reason why' b"rec.autos.sport is not a `sports car' group everyone would argue" b"about what constitutes a `sports car'.)" b'' b"5) disputes over whether or not us federal law protects the driver's" b'right to own and operate a radar detector' b'' b"6) `buy american' discussions" b'' b"7) `clever' bumper stickers and personalized license plates" b'' b'8) <insert nationality here cars are terrible' b'' b'9) what kind of car did maxwell smart drive?' b'[when i have a complete, accurate answer it will be added to the' b'commonly-asked questions article which is also posted monthly.' b"until then, please don't waste bandwidth on this topic. rpw]" b'' b'' b'' b'please direct comments and suggestions about this article to:' b'' b'--' b'``nothing good has ever been reported about the full rotation of' b"a race car about either its pitch or roll axis'' carroll smith" 