b'' b'howdy,' b'' b"i'm a little new to this newsgroup, but i would like to tap some of the" b'knowledge and expertise available here.' b'' b'' b'the background:' b'i recently broke my ankle in a road-bicycling accident places, five' b'screws, yuk! in two weeks i will be returning to texas (my' b'home) from my school (byu) in provo, utah. as you can imagine, trying to' b"drive nearly miles with a broken right ankle isn't just the epitome of" b'a good time. my car does not have a cruise control, so i would have to do' b'all the pedalling (ha ha) with my messed-up ankle.' b'' b'my question:' b'what is the general opinion of after-market cruise control units? i' b"realize that a cheap cc (cruise control) from, say, pep boys, isn't going to" b'be as good as a factory or professionally installed unit (if there is such a' b"thing). and i uderstand that i probably can't expect much in the way of" b"accuracy, looks and that sort of thing; but anything's gotta be better than" b'trying to drive with a hosed ankle.' b'' b'i have a jeep cherokee, speed, standard, 2.5l engine with' b"kettering(sp?) ignition (y'know, distributor cap, rotor, that set-up--not" b"electronic. maybe you could've guessed it being an but i'm just trying" b'to give information as completly as i can).' b'' b'i found a cc unit for bucks. it seems to use the vehicles vacuum system' b'instead of an electric servor/motor. is this good or bad? if i did buy' b'this cc, which vacuum hose should i tap?' b'' b'it has two speed sensors: one magnetic, and one that gets a signal from the' b'negative side of the distributor, kinda like a tach pick-up, or so i' b'understand. i can use either one. which is best? the manual says (i read' b'it in the store today) that the magnetic/axle set-up is more accurate, but' b'harder to install. is there really a big difference?' b'' b'it has a sensor for the brake pedal, just like other ccs, but does not have a' b"sensor for the clutch pedal. so if i wasn't paying real close attention i" b'might push the clutch in while the cruise is trying to get the speed up. which' b'would wind the engine up kinda high until i got my wits about me and turned' b"the thing off. i'm pretty coordinated, so this doesn't bother me, if it" b"were for my girlfriends car, *then* it would bother me, but i'm ok with it." b'' b'the installation also calls for an attachment to a steady-on brake signal' b'and a switched-on brake signal. i think i can get a switched brake signal' b"from the correct side of the brake light blade fuse. am i right? but i'm" b'not sure where to get the steady-on brake signal, or, for that matter, what' b'exactly it is? any ideas as to what the manufaturer wants and where to get' b'it?' b'' b'i think i can figure the other things out. like how to hook-up the negative' b'side tach-type sensing gizmo and the cabin control unit, and the ground and' b'all that miscellaneous business. but i need a little help with:' b'' b'1. is it worth the money and safety risk (if any) for such a' b'device?' b'2. is there any particularly good after-market cc?' b'3. are "professionally" installed ccs signifacantly better and' b'worth the cabbage?' b'4. if the unit i saw (sorry, no manufacturer or model number, just' b'that it is at pep boy and its is sufficient for my simple' b'needs, how do i get the thing installed properly (specifically,' b'the questions above)?' b'' b'my father and i built a "veep" (volkswagen powered jeep cj-2a) when i was in' b'high school, so i consider myself fairly good with tools, electronics, and' b"cars. so the installation doesn't scare me. i just want to be certain that" b'i get the thing installed correctly as my cherokee is just a wee bit more' b'complicated than my veep. b'' b'i appreciate your time in reading my post, and i would appreciate any' b'expertise or opinion anybody has on the subject. if you would like to share' b"some of your wisdom, please email as i don't get over this group very often" b'(but i check my mail all the time).' b'' b'again, thanks for any help anyone may have.' b'' b'mike wieda' b'' 