b'' b'compare either to the porsche and you tell me which was designed' b'' b'\toh, right. only dollar cars should be driven fast.' b'they drive goddamn rabbits at mph in europe, pal, and i reckon' b'a taurus is at least as capable as a rabbit.' b'' b"my whole point was not to say that the cars *couldn't* go that fast," b"but that they *shouldn't* go that fast. a family sedan designed to be" b"operable at 85mph doesn't suddenly become operable at 130mph because" b'you added some plastic aero effects, slightly wider tires, and a much' b"larger engine. that's what the sho is a slightly modified family" b"sedan with a powerful engine. they didn't even bother improving the" b'*brakes.*' b'' b'the mustang is essentially the same deal as the sho a big power' b'plant stuck in a mid-size sedan, with almost no other modifications.' b'i have real-life experience with the mustang it handles like a' b"brick (except when you're invoking oversteer, of course, something i" b'personally avoid doing on the highway) and stopping power is' b'inadequate even from 80mph. lots of accelleration but the rest of' b'the car is not up to par.' b'' b'i picked the porsche example because they are designed with speed in' b"mind. it didn't have to be the it could have been the much" b'cheaper or one of several mercedes or audi models. all of these' b'cars are fairly expensive but so are the parts that make them' b'drivable at high speed. this should be elementary.' b'' b'there are a few things to keep in mind about europe, since you brought' b'it up. my autobahn knowledge is admittedly second-hand, but i believe' b'the following to be true:' b'' b'1. drivers are much better disciplined in europe than they are here.' b'2. the roads comprising the autobahn are much better designed than' b'they are here, and usually include animal fences. this makes them' b'far more predictable than most us highways.' b'3. not all of europe is the autobahn. most places in europe have' b"speed limits that aren't out-of-line with what we used to have in" b"the us if my friends weren't lying to me they're typically not" b'much higher than 120km/h.' b'' b"i strongly suspect you won't find a lot of rabbit owners doing 120mph" b'(nearly 200km/h) on the autobahn, but i could be wrong. some people' b'have no respect for their own lives.' b'' b"you certainly haven't convinced me." b'' b'\tof course not. "speeding-is-bad. speeding-is-illegal.' b'i-will-not-speed. i-love-big-brother." you had your mind made up' b'already.' b'' b"if you think so you sure don't pay attention to my postings." b'' b'jim frost' 