b'' b'' b'an excellent automatic can be found in the subaru legacy. it switches to' b'"sport" mode when the electronics figure it, not when the driver sets' b'the switch.. which is the proper way to do it, imo. so what does "sport"' b'mode entail? several things:' b'' b'1) revving to red line (or to the rev limiter in the case of the legacy)' b'' b'2) delayed upshifts. (i.e. if you lift off briefly, it will remain in the' b'low gear. this is handy if you are charging through corners and' b"would like to do without the distraction of upshifts when there's" b'another curve approaching)' b'' b'3) part throttle downshifts, based on the *speed* at which the pedal is' b'depressed, rather than the *position* of the pedal. modern' b'electronics can measure this very easily and switch to sport mode.' b'this is wonderful if you want to charge through a green light about' b'to turn red. my audi senses this very well and can downshift on as' b'little as half throttle if my right foot is fast enough.' b'' b'also, i think that a smart automatic can deliver better gas mileage' b'than a dumb driver with a stick, all else being equal.. remember that' b'the idea of a stick being more economical than an automatic makes a' b'big assumption that the driver is smart enough to know what gear to' b'use for each situation.. how many times have you ridden with an' b'inattentive driver cruising on the highway at in 4th gear (of a' b'5 speed)?' b'' b'how many of people who drive manuals *really* know what the best' b"gear to use is for every conceivable situation? i'm sure there will" b'be some who know, but i suspect that a chip controlled automatic with' b'all possible scenario/ratio combinations stored in rom is likely to do' b'better. i can also say that all my previous assumptions were proved' b'wrong after i got a car with instantaneous mpg readout... high gear,' b'low revs and wide open throttle is more economical than low gear, high' b'revs and small throttle opening. the explanation is quite simple if' b'one sits down to think about it, but not that obvious at first sight.' b'' b'' b'eliot' 