b'' b' writes...' b'#could we plase cease this discussion. i fail to see why people feel the need' b'#to expound upon this issue for days and days on end. these areas are not' b'# meant for this type of discussion. if you feel the need to do such things,' b'# please take your thought elsewhere. thanks.' b'#' b' exactly my point. there is a lot of hostility to, and from, teenagers.' b'' b' if you follow the news for the northwest usa, you will have heard that a' b' group of 20-year old boys (barely out of the teens, certainly their outlook' b' was developed during their teens) just shot and killed an innocent little' b' girl riding in a car in the seattle area when her mother (who was driving)' b' honked her horn at the car with the boys in it. this is really upsetting' b" and makes my stomach turn as it would any parent's. doesn't your heart" b' just go out to that poor mother?' b' teenagers both drive cars and are involved in automotive vandalism and' b' crime. maybe someone on this newsgroup has had specific experience in' b' dealing with violent teenage offenders like these kids are. at the same' b'' b'it seems sad that people lose all perspective when they here about a' b'case of violence by teenagers...' b'' b'for a little perspective:' b'' b'how about the thousands of kind teenagers who volunteer at local' b'agencies to help children, seniors, the homeless?' b'' b'did you read about all the kids at stanford who spent their spring' b'breaks helping out in inner city areas? what about the hundreds of' b'volunteers teenagers and others) who worked to clean up the mess' b'after the rodney king riots in la?' b'' b'have you gone to your local high school play recently? attended the' b'school orchestra performances? have you seen how many kids volunteer' b'to pick up trash, plant trees, do walk-a-thons? how many kids have' b'tried to sell you stuff to benefit organizations they belong to? how' b'many girl scout cookies have you bought? how many chocolate bars for' b'good causes?' b'' b'the media picks up on all the anomalies, the sensational...' b'' b'what about the wonderful teenagers all over the place who work hard at' b'school, get good grades, go to college (or to work) and make a real' b'contribution to our society?' b'' b'all humans are teenagers at some time in their lives! mother theresa' b'was a teenager and so was geoffrey dahmer.' b'' b'it is really sad to see so many people who buy the sensational' b'reporting of the media as some kind of reflection of the world today!' b'it is a reflection of what is happening on the outer fringes of our' b'society and nothing more...' b'' b'rf' 