b'' b'' b'my bbb autoline arbitration experience is over.' b'the outcome was decidedly mixed. i won the battle but' b'lost the war. the arbitrator found that the car was' b'defective, but decided to offer a repurchase well below' b'market value at the time of the hearing, average' b'retail on my truck in the nada book was but' b'the decision was for i wrote a letter to the' b'council of better business bureaus pointing out the' b'fact that if you have an automobile that does not' b'depreciate rapidly, the manufacturer has no incentive' b'to deal with you. there is no way that the' b'manufacturer can loose because they can turn around and' b'sell the vehicle at a profit if the consumer is awarded' b"a repurchase. the attitude of chevrolet's" b'representative at the hearing tends to support this' b'point of view; he was totally unprepared and did not' b'seem to take the proceeding very seriously.' b'' b'i decided to take the repurchase, even though i am' b'getting totally screwed on the price. i will not have' b'to deal with continuing repairs or selling a lemon' b'myself, and i have no case for a civil suit based on' b'the idaho lemon law. i am planning to send a letter to' b'my elected representatives telling them how utterly' b'ridiculous the idaho lemon law is. the law allows for' b'a "use deduction" equal to the irs mileage allowance.' b'as if chevrolet were buying my gas and paying' b'for my insurance.' b'' b'summary of the case: in may i bought a new ton' b'hd chevrolet pickup. between may and december b'this vehicle required repair after repair. systems' b'that required attention included the transmission,' b'heater fan, paint, suspension, and motor. the main' b'problem was the five speed manual transmission. they' b'could not install a non-defective transmission in at' b'least four attempts.' b'' b'so, in summary, it is possible to get a repurchase, but' b'you are going to get screwed on the price, unless you' b'paid too much in the first place, or if your car' b'happens to be a model that depreciates rapidly.' b'' b'' 