b'' b'' b'' b' this happened about a year ago on the washington dc beltway.' b' snot nosed drunken kids decided it would be really cool to' b' throw huge rocks down on cars from an overpass. four or five' b' cars were hit. there were several serious injuries, and sadly' b' a small girl sitting in the front seat of one of them was struck' b" in the head by one of the larger rocks. i don't recall if she" b' made it, but i think she was comatose for a month or so and' b" doctors weren't holding out hope that she'd live." b' b' what the hell is happening to this great country of ours? i' b' can see boyhood pranks of peeing off of bridges and such, but' b' pound rocks??! has our society really stooped this low??' b' b' erik velapold' b'' b' society, as we have known it, it coming apart at the seams! the basic reason' b' is that human life has been devalued to the point were killing someone is' b' "no big deal". kid\'s see hundreds on murderous acts on tv, we can abort' b' children on demand, and kill the sick and old at will. so why be surprised' b" when some kids drop lbs rocks and kill people. they don't care because the" b' message they hear is "life is cheap"!' b'' b' at' b'' b'well people fortunatly or unfortunatly b'only the us is experiencing the devaluation of human life (among' b'developed nations).' b'' b'i am an american but i was raised in europe, where the worst thing that' b'can happen to somebody is get his car broken into, or have his pocket' b'picked by slaves or russian refugees.' b'' b'of cource there will be some nutcases, but thats extremely rare.' b'' b'i.e. in greece you can walk through any neighborhood at any time during' b'the night without even worrying.' b'' b'in germany you can walk the sidewalks at am and not even look' b'behind your back, at the sanitation crews that clean the streets to a' b'sparkling cleen.' b'' b'whoever of you have been there you know what i am saying.' b'' b'i dont have any easy answers but if we as a nation do some selfcritisism' b'we might get somewhere.' b'' b'of course these postings sould be in soc.culture.us but if we reduce' b"crime here it 'll mean less car insurance rates ,thus we could spend" b'more money on modifing our cars. (now my posting is rec.autos.tech' b'revelant).' b'' b'vlasis theodore' b'' b'___________________' b'software engineer' b'idb mobile communications.' b'' b'sig under development b'' b'i remember this happening on the i-75 through michigan and ohio several' b'years back. a group of guys in an old beater would rear end a car,' b'usually out of state or canadians. you stop and they smack you with a bb' b"bat. at least they didn't kill you for the sake of a car." b'i think the cops put out decoys and this calmed down for a while.' b'' b'vlasis, are you safe walking through germany if you are a refugee 