b'' b'' b'here is a press release from the u.s. department of energy.' b'' b"energy secretary hails president's plan for alternative fuel" b'vehicles' b'to: national desk, environment and energy reporters' b'contact: larry hart of the u.s. department of energy, b'' b'washington, april secretary of energy' b"hazel r. o'leary today said president clinton's executive order on" b'alternative fuels will make the federal government a "driving force' b'behind efforts to increase the availability of both alternative' b'fuel vehicles and fuel supplies."' b'president clinton signed the order today, which calls for' b'federal purchases of alternative fuel vehicles in numbers over the' b'next three years at least percent higher than those called for' b'in the energy policy act of b'president clinton also announced that texas land commissioner' b'gary mauro will head up the federal fleet conversion task force to' b"advise o'leary on implementation of the executive order." b'"i am delighted that i will be working with gary mauro to make' b'this happen," o\'leary said. "as land commissioner, gary mauro has' b'helped make texas a national leader in converting the state fleet' b'to alternative fuels, and has been a tireless proponent of natural' b'gas vehicles in speeches across the country."' b'the task force is to issue a report within days recommending' b'a plan and schedule of implementation.' b'"the department of energy and all of us in government must lead' b'by example if the option of alternative fuels is going to become a' b'practical, affordable choice for fleet owners across the country,"' b'o\'leary said. "increased use of domestically-produced alternative' b'fuels means reducing pollution while creating jobs. we believe' b'that energy efficiency, protecting the environment, and a healthy' b'economy are complimentary goals."' b"o'leary said that plans call for the department of energy to" b"coordinate the agencies' five-year purchase plans, help with" b'funding for extra purchase or conversion costs, and work with gsa' b'to encourage development of the fuel infrastructure needed to make' b'fleet conversions practical.' b'under the order, the department of energy will also be working' b'with states, local governments and industry to coordinate vehicle' b'purchases and encourage manufacturers and fuel suppliers to make' b'alternative fuel vehicles and alternative fuels more widely' b'available.' b'-30-' b'--' b'canada remote systems toronto, ontario' b'416-629-7000/629-7044' 