b'' b'' b'as a long time motorcyclist, i have never understood what' b'posessed auto builders to put delicate controls, which must' b'be used with skill and finesse, like clutches and brakes,' b'on the floor.' b'' b"why not hand control? it's much much easier." b'' b'in the early days, neither of these functions had power-assist, so' b"only legs had enough strength to activate them. since then, it's" b'been traditional and people would have a hard time getting' b'used to anything else.' b'' b'well, where, exactly, would you put a hand clutch and brake? on' b"a motorcycle, it's easy; the handlebars have a very limited" b'range of turning. steering wheels, on the other hand, turn around' b'and around and around...which is fine for electrical relays (like' b'your cruise control and airbag)--but how many of you want to' b'lose your clutch and/or brake due to a short circuit?' b'' b'shades of the edsel! they had pushbuttons in the steering wheel hub' b'that controlled the auto tranny. it was very disconcerting to shift' b'into reverse when turning a corner and the wires shorted.' b'' b"there are workarounds, but there's really no reason to use hand" b"power on a car's clutch or brakes, and lightening them to the" b'point that they are "finesse" controls suitable for hand use' b'would increse the mechanical complexity substantially (look at' b'power brakes and non-power brakes for an example).' b'' b'i saw an experimental car that had a joystick instead of a steering' b'wheel...' b'' b"that's about useless, imho." b'' b'another automotive oddity is separate keys for trunks, doors, and' b'ignitions. why on earth would you want this?' b'' b"i know *i* don't." b'' b'i want a separate trunk key for security reasons; it gives me a totally' b"separate, lockable container. for door and ignition....ehhh, the same key's" b'ok, i guess.' b'' b'\t\t\t\tjames' b'' b'james p. callison microcomputer coordinator, u of oklahoma law center' b"disclaimer: i'm not an engineer, but i play one at work..." b"\t\tthe forecast calls for thunder...'89 t-bird sc" b' "it\'s a hell of a thing, killing a man. you take away all he has' b'\tand all he\'s ever gonna have."' b'\t\t\t--will munny, "unforgiven"' 