b'' b'' b'' b'why should a good driver be terrified at 130mph? the only thing i fear' b'going at are drivers, who switch to the left lane without using' b"either rear-view-mirror or flashers. doing to ain't a rush" b"for me, but it's fun and i get where i want to go much faster." b'' b"in defense of the drivers, who are in the right lane. here in the states, people simply do not expect when they are driving to be overtaken at a speed differential of 50+mph. i don't think this is because they are stupid (of course, there are exceptions), they are just programmed because of the 55mph limit. do you (in the states) when you look in the rear-view always calculate future positions of cars based on a speed differential." b'dont get me wrong, i love to drive in the left lane fast but when i overtake' b'cars who are on the right, i slow down a tad bit. if i were to rely on the judgement of the other car, to recognize the speed differential, i would be the stupid one.' b'' b'just to satiate my curiosity, why would this make you the stupid one? it seems' b'to me, everybody should be aware enough of what is going on. you do not need' b'to calculate the future position. you need to look at your mirrors a little' b'more. if you glance around, you will be able to tell how much faster than you' b'the car is going. maybe not precisely, but well enough to know if you should' b'let him around before you try to pass. i know what you are talking about,' b'about the other driver being startled, because i myself have been startled' b"by drivers cruising by at around 90-100mph when i'm doin the problem," b'though, as i saw it, was not their fault for barreling around me, but my fault' b'for not paying the attention to my task-at-hand that i should have been.' b"oddly enough, since the 2nd time(happened 2x in around mo. when i'd had my" b"liscence for around mo), i haven't been startled..and i've been passed by" b'cars doing roughly twice the speed of my car. another odd occurance is the' b'fact that this only seems to happen on long trips...and if i drive along with' b"them, it doesn't happen at all even on the long trips! (adrenaline" b"will do that to you...i've had bad cop experiences with speeding, so anything" b"over the limit is adrenalizing for me...scared i'll get caught maybe" b'they should raise the limit, so we can pay better attention.....' b'' b'just curious, and my .otwo' b'' b'drew' 