b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'why anyone would order an sho with an automatic transmission is' b"beyond me; if you can't handle a stick, you should stick with a" b'regular taurus and leave the sho to real drivers. that is not to' b"say that there aren't real drivers who can't use the stick (eg" b"disabled persons), but they aren't in any position to use an" b'sho anyway.' b'' b'i would be willing to bet that if we removed the automatic' b'transmissions from all "performance-type" cars (like the 5.0l' b"mustangs, camaros, and the like) we'd cut down on the number of" b'accidents each year. autos are fine for sedate little sedans,' b'but they have no business in performance cars, imho.' b'' b'\t\t\t\tjames' b'' b'i have to disagree with this. i have a z28 with a and a 4-speed auto' b'w/ overdrive, and it is really better that way. chevy autos are reknowned' b'for their long life and ability to handle copious amount of power. i live' b'in the dallas area, and a manual would be much harder to drive in the traffic' b'here. now if i still lived out in the sticks like i used to, a manual would be' b'more fun.' b'' b'safety-wise, an auto is less distracting...i would hate to have to be' b'shifting gears while i was trying to ease into traffic in the freeways here.' b'performance-wise, i can hold my own against any stock mustang or b'camaro w/ a five speed.' b'' b'all of this imho... b'' b"all of my ho's disagree with your ho's. i loved dallas rush hour in my stick.." b'detested it in the auto(like i did any other time in the auto...). of course,' b'dalls rush hours are nothing, from what i hear..if i lived in la, i might' b'be of a different persuasion. and, just for the record, rarely do you shift' b'gears when merging into traffic..that is what speeds are good for..4th is' b'good up through around most of the time, so you can just wind it out..' b"it's not going to hurt anything, and keeps it in the powerband anyway.." b'only shift into top gear when you are exceeding redline in 4th(fairly rare,' b"unless you drive a ferrari or some such, i'd bet) or when you hit cruising" b'speed where you feel comfortable(or when my mother is sitting in the' b'passanger seat complaining about how you wind her "poor little engine" way' b'too hi b"just my ho's.." b'' b'drew' 