b'' b'| i heard the diesels are considered cleaner-burning than' b'| gas engines because the emit less of: carbon monoxide,' b'| hydrocarbons, and oxides of nitrogen. (co, hc, nox).' b'| b'| but they can put out a lot of particulate matter. i heard' b'| something about legislation being discussed to "clean up' b'| diesel emissions". is there anything in the works to' b'| install "scrubbers" for diesels? how about the feasibility' b'| of installing them on trucks and cars? would it be any' b"| different than a catylitic converter? i'd assume easier," b"| since we're removing particulate matter instead of converting" b"| gasses. let's hear people's opinions..." b'' b'| this really bugs me. the emissions of diesels are the cleanest of any vechicle,' b'| but they are considered so polluting that they are banned in passenger cars' b'| in california. what a bunch of crap. diesel is the fuel of choice for' b"| enviromental benefit in europe while here it's illegal for the same reason." b'|' b'| the particulates are nothing but carbon. they are just an annoyance at worst.' b'| nothing beats the diesel cycle for efficiency and emissions, torque or engine' b"| durability. it's also cheaper." b'' b'diesels fall into the same emissions mythology as alcohol fuels. the main reason' b'they are considered "cleaner" is because they are better at the emissions we' b'actually measure and regulate. but they also contribute additional emissions' b'which have long been determined to be as harmful, but no suitable control or' b'limits have been defined.' b'' b'current evidence is pointing to most visible smog actually being diesel emissions' b'and suspended particles and less of a photo-chemical reaction. diesel particulates' b'are now becoming a major concern in decreased lung capacity. and alcohols emit' b'signifcantly more aldehydes (a known carcinigen) than gasoline. the evidence' b'is mounting that while we have been beating the gasoline engine to death, we may' b'have been ignoring the effects of the alternatives.' b'' b'and anyone who thinks diesels are so great, should go and spend a few hours in' b'rush hour traffic in some cities in europe. there the stench of the diesels is' b'awful and it can even burn the eyes.' b'' b'diesels being clean is only relative to our current standards.' b'' b'mark' 