b'' b'' b"i'm in the market for a new car. currently i own a mazda mx-6 dx" b"which has served me just fine. however, i'd like to get" b"a 4-door car since i don't relish the thought of moving a carseat" b'around in a 2-door car. my criteria are: 4-door, a/c, am/fm cassette,' b'quick acceleration, cruise control, decent rear seat legroom (my' b'husband is a 6-footer). it must also be under $20k' b'preferably closer to the 11-15k range (which will probably rule out' b"the accord). the cars that have caught my eye are: toyota corolla," b'toyata camry, mazda pontiac grand am, pontiac grand prix,' b"honda accord, (and civic if it's roomy enough and still comes in a" b'4-door model), hyundai sonata, and maybe even a small oldsmobile,' b'although not the achieva. all opinions, benchmarks,' b'recommendations, etc. are welcome.' b'' b'the civic does still come in a door model. my wife and i looked' b'quite seriously at the prizm (corolla), and civic, as well as' b'some other cars. our impressions: all three seemed well built and had' b'the features we wanted these are similar to the features you want' b'except for cruise control, and we want a manual transmission and are' b'considering anti-lock brakes. i also hate automatic seatbelts and we' b'both think having an airbag is a plus. in general, comfort and' b'performance were both significant.' b'' b"some specific +'s and -'s are listed below." b'' b'mazda b'+ very comfortable and roomy' b'+ can theoretically get abs on dx model, though in practice this is' b'hard to find' b'+ base price for base model includes numerous little things like:' b'tach, variable speed wipers, rear defroster, split folding rear seat' b'- more expensive than many other cars listed below' b'' b'honda civic' b'+ dx gets significantly better mileage than other cars listed here' b'+ comfortable front seat' b'+ adjustable seat belt mounting' b"- no abs without ex model (includes $1000's of other things like a sunroof)" b'' b'geo prizm/toyota corolla' b'- seats not very comfortable to us (your mileage may vary)' b'+ adjustable seat belt mounting' b'+ can get abs without lots of other extras' b'' b'saturn' b'+ sl2 was quite comfortable, though sl1 less so' b'- motorized attack belts' b'' b'dodge spirit' b"no real outstanding +'s, but seemed generally ok" b'- rear seat does not fold down' b'' b'chevy corsica' b'+ comes with abs standard' b'- lower "would you buy that car again" and safety ratings in' b'consumer reports (than first cars above)' b"- suspension didn't feel as stiff as the others (this would be a b'for some)' b'' b'the honda accord and toyota camry were both more expensive than the' b'626, and in our minds, not significantly better.' b'' b'we probably gave disproportionately low consideration to the "big b"due (a) to my wife's family's general dislike of chrysler products," b'(b) some unimpressive gm products owned by my parents and a housemate' b'of mine (c) the taurus comes with automatic transmission, i find the' b'seat of the tempo very uncomfortable, and the escort has attack belts' b'and no air bag.' b'' b"we'll probably end up with a i saw a dx with a/c and" b'cassette advertised for just under (washington post, april b'i think), and my local dealer says they can match that price. i will' b'probably get the (maybe tomorrow). the main question in my mind' b'is whether or not i will have to do a "factory order" or "preference' b'order" to get one with abs, and whether or not the dealership will' b'run the price up a lot if i do so.' 