b'' b'here is a story. i bought a car about two weeks ago. i finally can' b'get hold of the previous owner of the car and got all maintanence' b"history of the car. in between and the instrument pannel" b'of the car has been replaced and the odometer also has been reset' b'to zero. therefore, the true meter reading is the reading before' b'replacement plus current mileage. that shows mile difference' b'comparing to the mileage on the odometer disclosure from. the' b'dealer never told me anything about that important story.' b'' b'i hope that i can return the car with full refund. do u think this' b'is possible? does anyone have similar experiences? any comments' b'will be appreciated. thanks.' b'' b"this is a tricky situation; if the previous owner didn't inform" b'the dealer of the odometer change, then the previous owner committed' b'fraud, and he may be liable. the dealer may also be liable; if the' b'previous owner notified the dealer, or if the previous owner had the' b'dash replaced at a dealer, or if the previous owner had the dash changed' b'legally, any records search on the car should turn up the fact that' b'the odometer had been altered. if a dealer changes the speedometer, he has' b"to report it (it goes into the car's service record with the manufacturer," b'and on the title, if i remember correctly; the dealer told me that' b"the old mileage, etc. were sent to ford when my t-bird's speedo" b'was replaced). if the odometer can be set to the old mileage, it must' b"be; if it can't (eg, electrically-driven odometers) then the mileage" b'of the old odometer must be written on a permanent sticker which is' b'affixed to the door frame of the vehicle.' b'' b'either way, if the change had been done legally, then a records search' b'(which the dealer almost certainly did) should have turned it up.' b'' b"call your state's department of transportation/public safety/motor" b'vehicles--or your tag agent--to find out for certain what your' b"rights are. your state's attorney general will know for certain b'' b'james' b'' b'james p. callison microcomputer coordinator, u of oklahoma law center' b"disclaimer: i'm not an engineer, but i play one at work..." b"the forecast calls for thunder...'89 t-bird sc" b'"it\'s a hell of a thing, killing a man. you take away all he has' b'and all he\'s ever gonna have."' b'--will munny, "unforgiven"' 