b'' b'hi,' b'i need your help with a problem i have with a mitsubishi' b'galant gs transmission. the car has a speed manual tranmission.' b'since the car was bought new, while shifting from 2nd to 3rd, unless' b'i do it slowly and carefully, it makes a "popping" or "hitting" sound.' b'the dealer and mitsubishi customer service (reached by an say' b'this is normal for the car. is it?' b'and about a year ago, at 35kmiles, the stick shift handle got stuck' b'while attempting to put it in reverse:' b' the shifter would not budge. the clutch had no effect.' b' the front tires would not budge, even when the clutch is' b' fully depressed.' b' if the clutch is released the engine would die.' b' assuming that some gear was engaged while the shifter was' b' stuck, i could not make the car move. it acted as if' b' it were in neutral(except for dying when clutch is released.)' b' i finally was able to release the shifter by having' b' someone rock the car back and forth (less than an inch),' b' while i depressed the clutch and jiggled the shifter.' b' the shifter acted normally after that.' b'' b'when this happened, i took it to the dealer, they checked the' b'clutch, it was o.k. they checked the transmission, it was o.k.' b'' b'i had the exact problem a couple of months ago, and again last' b'week. the dealer says there is nothing they can do because' b'mitsubishi (the says they have never heard of the' b'problem, and the dealer could not reproduce the problem while' b'they had the car.' b'in all three occurances, the car was parked head first in a garage,' b'and since the front wheels were stuck, the car could not be towed' b'to the dealer before releasing the shifter (hence temporarily' b'solving the problem). and the dealer, and mitsubishi, refused to' b'send someone to check the car while it was stuck.' b'i know there is smething wrong with the transmission (shifting' b"from 2nd to 3rd), and getting stuck at random, but i can't get" b'the dealer to fix it. i need your help with the mechanical problems,' b'and with how to handle mitsubishi.' b'all hints and suggestions are greatly appreciated, and sorry to' b'bore you with the long post.' b'' b'thanks,' b'rabih.' b'' b'' b'try another dealer. sometimes the sophistication of equipment etc is' b'better at one dealer than another. you may also find another dealer' b'willing to help you with the problem.' b'' b'-- joe' 