b'' b'' b'|' b'| some comments:' b'|' b'| a) good performance and mid and high speeds can be obtained by adjusting the' b'| top gear and final drive ratios. contrary to popular misperception, a' b'| number of japanese cars have quite good performance from in top' b'| gear.' b'' b'no problem with that. the question is: do they perform consistently in all' b'conditions (roads, winds and curves) at that speed and do so for hours on end,' b'year after year without giving the driver white knuckles? from my experience on' b'the autobahns/autostrade, a good touring car can be easily distinguished by its' b'"poise" at 100mph. the best stay on cruise control at for hours. i\'ve' b'seen the typical boy racer in a fiat try to keep up. sure they hit the century' b'mark, but if the wind blows the wrong way they change lanes, and if on an' b'overpass, they may fly right into a guardrail. the buffeting at can be' b'severe enough to make the hood bend. tires at can melt, and a pothole can' b"kill. many german cars are designed for this environment, even if they can't" b'seem to get out of their own way from a stop light (mercedes come to mind in' b'particular.) and another design point is fuel economy at those speeds. the' b'germans gear the car for very good high speed efficiency (a typical m-b 300e turns' b'1500 at almost a stall b'' b'good point. i have no idea how either of my hondas will handle at mph,' b"nor do they reach however, using `high' to be mph:" b'' b"a) they are quite amenable to long high speed drives. i've done several" b'1k mile+ trips in my civic with no problems whatsoever. the last big trip' b'i made was driving from new york to texas. i remember driving b"miles a day at typically mph without any problems. i'm sure i" b'would have been more comfortable driving a benz, but no white knuckles.' b'no problems with winds and curves.' b'' b'then there was the trip back from new orleans after mardi gras where' b'we were doing all the way to houston. no problems.' b'' b'b) both my cars have surprising good fuel economy at high speeds. i see' b'no difference between sustained mph and sustained 80mph. on the trip' b'back from new orleans, we got about mpg in my integra, quite ok. mind' b'you, the engine revs to almost 4k at the civic is markedly better' b'than the integra in fuel economy. 50k miles down the road, i still' b'get mpg at mph driving.' b'' b'' b"| b) i can't understand why these high-scale european marquees are afraid" b'| to design engines that can be repeatedly revved to near redline in' b'| the low gears. i have been doing that for that last 50k miles with' b'| my lowly civic, with no detriment to either the engine or the clutch,' b"| and getting excellent mpg to boot. i'd call this an engineering hack" b'| to cover up design deficiencies.' b'' b'at 50k miles you\'d still be breaking-in a "high-scale european marquee" they' b'typically are designed to last miles per engine, mi. per' b"chassis. (the record is now over miles on a benz diesel, and i've" b'read about *transmissions* lasting miles.) speaking of' b'' b"now now, you can't compare a diesel with a gasoline engine. i see enough" b'bmws and gasoline mercs for sale that have 100-150k miles on them and advertise' b"rebuilt engines. if honda was to build an accord for 30k, i'd darn well" b'expect the sucker to last 300k miles.' b'' b'diesels, they have very good efficiency at the cost of acceleration, and are very' b'popular in all european cars (diesel is considered the "green" fuel) from the' b'smallest econoboxes to the luxo-barges. again, we see a difference in mentality.' b'diesels in the us are considered slightly worse than useless, and extremely' b'"dirty" to boot so you can\'t give them away.' b'' b"ever got caught behind a early 80's 300sdl at a stop light? it's not" b"pleasant. the newer mb's are a lot better though. the diesel volvos" b'and vws are probably the smelliest offenders.' b'' b"as for economy, why should we care? gas is cheap! i personally wouldn't" b'buy a diesel car for any reason what does it buy me?' b'' b'shantanu ganguly' b'somerset (motorola)' b'' b'phone motorola inc, mail drop oe b'fax william cannon drive w.' b'austin tx b'' b'' 