b'' b'' b'on the subject of the upcoming new mustang:' b'' b'i do not put much stock in the mag rags\' "inside" information, or even' b'ford rep quotes. the taurus was pretty much a surprise when it was' b'finally disclosed in it\'s entirety. "inside" information had the' b"taurus with a v8 and rear-wheel drive at one point. i wouldn't look" b'for a simple re-paneled mustang, folks; you may be cheating yourself' b"if you do. there's a lot of potential. ford hasn't released a new" b'car without a 4-wheel is in years. the mustang project has been' b'brewing for at least right? a 4-wheel is could happen. those' b"modular v8's are out there, too. in the interest of cafe and" b"competition, don't rule those out, either. your ignorant if you do." b'and there are so many spy shots and artist renderings out there,' b"who really knows what it'll look like? the mach iii? doubt it." b'highly.' b'' b"the next mustang will be ford's highest profile car. it attracts" b"way more attention than the camaro/firebird because it's heritage" b"is more embedded in the general public. don't lie to yourself and" b'believe ford will forfeit that.' b'' b'' b'the car magazines have printed a lot of information about the new mustang' b'and the consensus about what to believe in my "car circle" is that the' b'suspension pieces and tuning will be almost identical to the current' b'cobra, but on a stiffer body structure which will improve its behavior.' b'after the mn12 (thunderbird) cost and weight debacle, ford decided' b"independent rear suspension with rear wheel drive won't be tried again in" b'a volume car.' b'' b'the current 4.9l v-8 will soldier on for about two years. a version of' b'the valve modular v-8 in the mark viii could be offered then. ford' b'is spending big money tooling up for 2.5l and 3.5l v-6 engines which will' b'power most of their cars in the immediate future, and therefore probably' b'do not consider volume production of hp v-8 engines a priority.' b'' b'undisguised, the car looks ok, but not nearly as exciting as the new' b'camaro/firebird, imo.' b'' b'i suspect ford will produce their car with higher quality than gm will' b'achieve with the camaro/ firebird. the way gm loses money, the temptation' b'to "just get them out the door" for the sake of positive cash flow will be' b'great once demand really takes off.' b'' b'tim gardner' 