b'' b'' b'can anyone offer any opinions of the ford probe... ala how they do in' b'the long run, repair records, reliability, mileage, etc?' b'' b"about this problem, but i haven't seen it happen on my month old" b"'93 probe gt. i think this may be something that ford has corrected since" b'the initial batch of cars. also, someone said that ford has issued a' b'service bulletin to inform dealers about how to correct this problem, so you' b'may be able to get your dealer to fix it.' b'' b'i have had my probe looked at twice by my local dealer (where i purchased' b'the car) the first time, they made this problem worse. the second time,' b'after advising them of the service bulletin mentioned on my ford-probe mailing' b"list (they said they didn't know of the bulletin), they adjusted the window and" b'made it *much* better. however it now makes a "scritch scritch" noise on rough' b'roads, and *still* squeals when i open/close the window in wet weather (anyone' b"elses's do this?)" b'' b"ford only gives key with the car. c'mon ford, spend an extra few pennies!" b'' b'i got two keys with my car, but only one remote-entry push-button thingie!' b'but then, i bought my with miles, and i think it may have been a' b"repossession so i'm not surprised something was missing b'' b'horn buttons behind air bag in spokes and not in center (personal preference)' b'' b'i am seriously considering following the advice in the owners manual where' b'it describes the procedure to follow if "you discover something on your ford' b'that could cause serious injury threaten lives etc). something' b'about notifying the national traffic safety group as well as ford. those little' b'"you\'ve-got-to-position-the-fingers-perfectly-to-make-it-beep" buttons are' b'terrible.' b'' b"the latter is probably because of the air bag. it's pretty much takes up" b"all the space where you'd expect to find the horn." b'speaking of the horn, i was surprised to find that the probe comes with one' b"of those nice 'merican sounding horns instead of the japanese sounding kind." b'the previous probes had japanese horns.' b'' b"well, i guess that's good in a way, but in a way it's bad. when someone" b'hears that kind of horn, they expect to see a big american car. they may' b'not associate the sound with a small "jap car" style car (like the probe is).' b'' b'tires fling dirt/mud onto side of car' b'yeah, not very badly, but enough to be annoying sometimes.' b'' b'the mudflaps help a lot.' b'' b'transmission (the speed is a must)' b'' b"i have always been a 5-speed guy. almost every car i've ever owned has been" b'a 5-speed. because i got a good deal on this car with the miles, i' b'(knowingly) overlooked the fact that it has an automatic. but it is a pretty' b'high-tech automatic. it is a fully electronicaly controlled 4-speed with' b"torque converter lockup. even with the automatic, i'm getting mpg on the" b'highway, driving (but of course driving is illegal, so i' b'probably made that sentence up). around town the mileage has been' b"around not bad for an automatic. of course it doesn't have the" b'"control" of a 5-speed, but since i do a lot of city driving, it turns out' b"to be very convenient. it's nice to be able to drink a cup of coffee and" b'drive at the same time (although that, too, is illegal here in' b'"we-like-to-control-your-life massachusetts" b'' b'' b'no shake/rattle noises when going over bumps/potholes (still!)' b'' b"shakes and rattles has been my main gripe. i've gotten them to fix the" b'worst of them, but i fear that with the rather harsh ride, the car will' b'be a virtual potpouri of rattles when it gets older.' b'' b'tires: 225/55vr16 goodyear eagles left; hoping for 30k b'' b'on my probe gl, i got about 40k out of the original goodyears,' b'and had driven the replacement tires (bridgestone) 50k miles when' b'i tradeed the car. the 195/65(60?)vr14 firestones on my probe' b"look like they're designed for performance (ie rather wide, shallow" b"tread, etc), so they probably won't last as long. but the car handles" b'very very very well. it sticks to the road like glue, even on a rough' b'surface.' b'' b'interior is very, very nice too. very pleasing to the eye, and ergonomically' b'sound.' b'' b'definitely. ford/mazda did a very very nice job on this one. the' b'car has a "much more expensive than it actually is" look and feel to it.' b'' b"yes, this car's stiff suspension isn't for everyone. i personally like it," b"but if you find it a little harsh but otherwise like the car, i'd strongly" b'suggest looking into the mx-6.' b'' b'having driven an probe for years, i find the suspension "interesting".' b'the car actually drives much better than the it is a very firm' b'ride, and you definitely know about each and every bump in the road. yet' b'the car remains very civilized on even the bumpiest roads. you hear and' b'feel the bumps, yet the car retains its posture very well.' b'' b"if you have passengers, by all means bring them along too. they'll find" b"that they have no room in the back and you'll find that the car rides" b'differently (if that\'s "better" is up to you).' b'' b"well i wouldn't encourage passenger-carrying in the probe unless the" b'person in the front seat likes to sit with his knees to the dash. as' b'mentioned in the consumer reports write-ups, "consider the back seat' b'as a parcel shelf". no biggie to me though (if it had been, i\'d not' b"have bought the car! (but it's definitely not a family car))." b'' b"also, there's a lot of glass" b"around you which i wasn't expecting; the temperature inside the car gets pretty" b'hot in the summer.' b'' b'a/c is a must on any probe from the in particular sends out' b'a real blast of cool air when the ac is on max. that "lots of glass" you' b'mentioned is what gives the car the "very good visibility" reports you' b'see in all the write-ups. most "sports/sporty" cars don\'t have that' b'good visibility.' b'' b"i've heard that the exhaust system has trouble, but mine works fine." b"i haven't heard about this one. i know that some of the very early probes" b"('89 and maybe had problems with prematurely rusting mufflers (which" b'' b"the complaints i've heard re: exhaust system (on 93's) have been on" b'the gt. of course being a different engine, that is a differeent' b'exhaust system.' b'' b'i was one of those with an who qualified for the free replacement.' b'since i had already replaced the muffler when i received the notice,' b'i was/am due a refund from ford. i applied in february and am still' b'waiting. b'' b'gave me a free rental car for the day and a half that i was without my' b'car. i was quite happy with the way they handled...especially considering' b'that i was expecting the worst from them!' b'' b'yes. i was pretty amazed when i had my car in for some touch-up' b'adjustments this past week, and they had to keep it overnight (too busy' b'for them to get to it) and they offered to pay for a rental). they' b'did make me pay for taxes and insurance though b'' b"from what i've heard, it sounds like ford/mazda had some qc problems with" b'the probe (and probably mx-6) when they first went into production, but' b"i think these problems have mostly been corrected at this point. that's" b'almost always to be expected with a completely new car like this, though.' b'' b'i have to agree that they seem to have some qc problesm. but i seriously' b'feel the car design is sound, and expect it to do very well.' b'' b'--' b'boston university, boston ma' 