b'' b'' b' about the value of the units "bogey" counter. i didn\'t really go into' b' why i called this feature a gimmick so here is more explanation. thanks' b' jim for the good comments and opinion.' b'.' b'.' b'.' b'' b' from what i understand the valentine-1 can only tell if these' b' microwaves are coming from the front, rear or both. there are only' b' two antennas. if they are coming from both this in interpreted as a' b' "side bogey". bogey counts are determined as sources by their' b' relative strength to one another even if they are reflections of the' b' same source.' b'.' b'.' b'.' b'' b'it sounds like your analysis is based on hypothesis and not' b"actually using the valentine-1. i'd like to give some feedback based on" b'real life experince. i keep the valentine-1 in advanced logic mode' b'and it rarely lights up as a christmas tree. the only time it does' b'is when i am in the middle of a major shopping area and then it makes' b'sense that is does since there are sources coming from many different' b'directions. i have found the valentine-1 to be consistent in its' b'reporting of bogeys regardless of any moving cars in the area.' b'' b'i have found the directional indication to be very useful. in one case' b'there was two radar traps set up within one mile of each other. as i' b'passed the first radar trap, the direction indication changed. then' b'the detector was set off again pointing in the forward direction. with' b'other radar detectors i would have assumed that this was due to a reflection.' b'but with the valentine-1 i knew there was a high probability that there' b'was another trap. and there was!' b'' b'on other occasions, the directional helped discern a false alarm from' b'a true alarm. for example, as i pass a source, the direction indicator' b'changes. the directional also allows me to focus my attention as to where' b'the signal might be coming from instead of having to look all over the' b'place. when a car is approaching me from the rear with a detector' b'that leaks, i can tell that the signal is coming from the rear and as the' b'car passes me i can verify the source. with other detectors, i would' b'have been unable to do this and would have had to assume that there was a radar' b'trap when there was none.' b'' b"i've had the valentine-1 for several months now and find its added features" b'to be useful and not gimmicks.' b'' b'-barry' b'--' b'----- b'chelmsford-uk expert center 508/tn b'chelmsford, ma' 