b'' b'my caprice classic with 120k+ miles has finally reached' b'the threshold of total number of mechanical problems that' b'i am forced to post anyone out there who might be' b'able to give me some pointers on one or more of the below,' b'please e-mail or post!' b'' b'1. when making turns, especially when accelerating,' b'there is usually a loud "thunk" from the rear of' b'of the car. sounds like it could be the differential.' b'what could cause this? is the differential going' b'bad? i recently had the differential fluid changed,' b'and it did have tiny metal bits in it. (and no,' b'the sound is not something rolling around in the' b'trunk!)' b'' b'2. on starting the car, i get blue (oil) smoke from' b'the exhaust for seconds. exhaust valves' b'going bad? worn rings? anyone know whether the' b'valves on the tbi engine can be lapped?' b'' b'3. brakes. more pedal travel than i feel comfortable' b'with, but master cylinder is full and fluid is' b'relatively clear. pedal does not slowly sink to' b'the floor when held down. pedal does not feel' b'spongey, but i suppose that bleeding the brakes' b'might help could anything else cause this?' b'' b'4. tranny. tranny problems seem to be slowly getting' b'worse takes almost seconds to downshift from' b'3rd to 2nd on heavy throttle application, and more' b'recently, it is reluctant to shift from 2nd to 3rd.' b'fluid (checked with car running with tranny put' b'through all the gears and then back to park, as per' b'haynes manual) is red and clear, and is on full mark.' b'' b'5. my springs all around are just about shot i have' b'4 new shocks on, but car still skips out on bumps' b'in turns at moderate to high speed. how hard are' b'they to change? can they be reconditioned?' b'' b"i'd be interested in hearing from any gm full-size rwd owners" b'out there with stories to tell and/or advice. here in philly,' b'these cars are apparently stolen(!) quite often and converted' b'into taxis. apparently the cab conversion shops will get a' b'junk title for the car or switch vins with a car about to be' b"junked. about of philly cabs are caprice's, with most of" b"the rest being crown vic's with a few old new yorkers and" b'impalas broughams).' b'--' b'andrew white' 