b'' b"it's been a while since i've reviewed a car but today i paid a visit" b'to an old friend whose love for audis has been so overwhelming that he' b'makes a not too sucessful living selling them.' b'' b'without further delay, i will get to the audi s4:' b'' b'' b'1) servotronic steering:' b'' b'[for those who are not familiar with what servotronic is, it is the' b'name for the speed variable power steering manufactured by zf and' b'used in audis and bmws.]' b'' b'i have been outspoken in my damming of servotronic over the past' b'couple of months, and this was based on magazine reviews and drives of' b'the audi cs quattro and the audi 100cs fwd. i am quite happy to' b'report now that on the s4, the servotronic is *inoffensive*. i' b'suppose that due to the fat gumball tires, the servotronic has been' b'loaded up more and this, so far has been the best implementation that' b"i have tried. it is far from perfect, mind you, and i'd be much" b'happier if it was an option that i could refuse, but on the s4, i no' b'longer consider this to be bad enough where i feel the entire car is' b'ruined.' b'' b'the steering is still a tad too light, but it is accurate and i' b'suppose the stiffly sprung chassis sends back so much information that' b"some makes it through to the driver's hands. so there is feel and" b"there is accuracy in the s4's steering. but there is also room for" b"improvement. i consider the s4's steering to be better than the" b'japanese competition, primarily because the japanese do not believe in' b'"feel" and engineer it out completely.' b'' b'' b'2) engine' b'' b'wheee! what a pressure cooker. with just miles on the clock i did' b'not expect the s4 to be producing anywhere close to what it will be' b'putting out miles later, but still, the car packs a terrific' b'punch. for a turbocharged machine, it is very unusual in that it' b'encourages lazy driving. i.e. low revs, high gear. it is so' b"supremely flexible that one could hardly believe that there's only b'liters of displacement to move this pound car around in such a' b'fashion. with maximum torque available at rpm and a rpm' b'redline, the car can pretty much be left in third all day.. which' b'translates to a speed range of something like mph. a' b'chracteristic that one normally associates with large capacity v8s.' b'the technical achievement is breadthtaking.' b'' b'throttle response is right up there with a good atmospheric engine. in' b'fact, it would even put peaky multivalve engines to shame. downshifts' b'are almost unnecessary. it is more fun to use the "overboost" feature' b'than to rev the engine. for those not familiar, the s4 engine features' b'up to seconds of additional turbo boost for passing. sort of like' b'lighting up the after burners in a jet fighter, one could, with the' b'right foot only, in third gear, blast the car from to in just a' b'few moments.. simply by flooring the gas. as far as the numbers go,' b'maximum torque available in overboost mode shoots up to about lb' b'ft.. incredible for a liter. it takes a few moments for it to' b'develop overboost but it is well worth waiting for. since this is quite' b"a heavy car, one's body parts are not flung around like say, the corrado" b'vr6. the acceleration is smooth and strong, somewhat similar to riding' b'in a jetliner as it accelerates down the runway on takeoff. also, one' b'is treated to a very distinctive and entertaining whistle from the' b'turbo.. the only entertaining sound to come out of a very' b'refined but bland sounding banger..' b'' b'yes, audi has refined the to the point where at rpm it sounds as' b'serene as it does at the smoothness is outstanding, but not quite' b"up to the standards of a very good e.g. a valve bmw. i'd say that" b'in terms of refinement, i.e. willingness to rev, smoothness, lack of' b'harshness under full acceleration it is better than many v6s. however,' b'lost in the refinement process is the characteristic cylinder bark' b'that made the older engines so characterful, if not terribly refined.' b'the valve turbo sounds pretty bland except for the whistle under' b"full boost. subjectively, i'd rate the vw vr6 engine as being far more" b"musical than the turbo also, audi's own v8 is also far more musical," b'with a rorty race car growl when pressed, though none of these can' b'match its grunt.' b'' b"the only hint of the engine's true capacity occurs when one is taking" b'off from rest after the turbo has come to a near stop. with the extra' b'inertia from the permanently engaged 4wd system, one has to be somewhat' b'delicate in feeding in the clutch to prevent an embarassing stall.' b'alternately one could use more revs.. in both cases a very small price' b'to pay for such a fantastic engine. i think that audi of america should' b'offer an automatic option for this car, just as they offer (though in' b'extremely small numbers) a speed for the much peakier v8. the' b'characteristics of the engine are perfect for an automatic. ironically,' b'in europe a slush is available but none is offered for the land of the' b'slush. marketing twits rearing their ugly heads again...' b'' b'' b'3) chassis' b'' b"i've noticed that audis tend to have very wide wheels and relatively" b'modest tire widths. the car comes with firestones of size zr16..' b'which is not uncommon at all. however, the very attractive spoke' b'wheels are no less than inches wide, so there is no sidewall bulge' b'whatsoever. combined with the flared wheel arches, the s4 has a mouth' b'watering macho, yet subdued look.' b'' b'on rough concrete, it becomes immediately clear that the new body' b'style has made significant advances in structural rigidity as well as' b'road noise suppression.. i suppose the two are inter-related, but i' b"digress. to use a cliche, the s4's body feels like it has been carved" b'out of stone. flex is totally undetectable, even when going over rough' b'roads. with a super rigid body like this stiff springs and stiff dampers' b"do not cause excessive harshness and while the s4's ride quality will" b'never worry a lexus, it will also not draw comparisons to trucks or' b'pony cars.' b'' b'the servotronic steering has already been mentioned. i consider it to' b'be inoffensive because it did not inhibit spirited cornering. i was' b"able to test the car's cornering powers without too much trepidation. i" b'think a new concept is at work in this car. with its fat gumball tires,' b'talking about understeer or oversteer is practically meaningless. on a' b'banked highway on ramp, i went in slow and started applying power as i' b'went around. i could feel the g forces build to the point where the' b'skin on my face was being tugged sideways. yet the car was totally and' b'completely obedient to throttle and steering inputs.. it felt that the' b'limits were not even close to being approached. the g forces were' b'thrilling, but the entire affair of going around a curve is strangely' b'uninvolving. you tell the car what you want and it does it. end of' b'story. i think that i am starting to relate more and more to those' b"reviewers who were highly impressed by the honda nsx's clinical" b'efficiency but were unable to fall in love with the car.' b'' b'the brakes have a very good firmness to them and stop the car pretty' b"well too, though i've read that they are prone to fade. i am not too" b'surprised, since the s4 does not have uprated brakes over the base audi' b'100 fwd. harder pads would help, but that in turn would lead to a more' b'wooden response when cold. i am starting to see a trend among the' b'luxury/sports sedan makers where extra weight is not being offset by' b"additional braking capacity. the ls400's fade performance is nothing to" b"brag about; neither is the q45's or the legend's. brake fade these days" b"seem to be a forgotten virtue when everybody's attention is focused on" b'anti-lock capability.' b'' b'' b'4) comfort' b'' b'for a car with such sporty abilities, its comfort levels are also' b'excellent. the cabin is beautifully appointed, with carbon-fiber panel' b"inserts in place of the wood trim of the s4. all the expected" b'gizmos are there.. heated seats, power seats, seat memory, power this' b'and that. the glaring ommision was the trip computer, which was removed' b"because audi hasn't gotten it to work reliably yet.. that means that the" b'car has no boost gauge. a real disappointment taking into account how' b'much the turbo dominates its performance.' b'' b'unusual for the germans, the s4 comes with a honda style moonroof, as' b'well as the very intelligent dial-a-sunroof-position rotary switch.' b'' b"noise levels, including engine and tire noise is so low that i wouldn't" b"consider the lexus' advantage in this area to be significant enough" b'to sway a potential buyer.' b'' b'' b'5) conclusion' b'' b'even though few will be able to afford an audi s4 at its sticker price' b'of $48k, the car is a bargain if one takes into account what it has to' b'offer over the competition. the valve turbo is a real gem, even if' b"it doesn't produce ferrari sounds. no other luxury/sports sedan maker" b'offers the utter security of quattro all wheel drive, which to some is' b'worth the extra money all by itself. the safety features are also' b'top notch.. side impact standard compliant, the very elegant' b'automatic seat belt tensioners and the dual airbags. the series' b'audis have been outstanding in government crash tests. it gets my' b'thumbs up for being so overwhelmingly capable rather than being' b'all out exciting and intoxicating.' b'' b'' b'eliot' b'' 