b'' b'now, now, before we get too carried away here....' b'' b'keep in mind that owning any car in korea is a luxury that only the ruling' b'class can afford. every government agency worth its salt finds some reason' b'to levy a tax on car ownership; last i heard, there were seven different' b'fees to pay to own a car. i believe this is the sort of petty bureaucratic' b'inefficiency that new president kim young sam wants to eradicate. basically,' b'i think the rules came into place as bureaucrats from plebian backgrounds' b"wanted to wreak revenge on the ruling class. in exchange, zaibatsu's like" b'hyundai screwed over smaller companies, perpetuating a vicious cycle.' b'i have faith that korean people can potentially build cars as well as anyone' b'else, but for now hyundai cars seem to reflect the tensions within society,' b"of screwy components that won't work together. stubborn like a mule, the" b"car either won't go forward or won't stop at all." b'' b"hahahahahaha. *gasp* *pant* hm, i'm not sure whether the above" b'was just a silly remark or a serious remark. but in case there are' b"some misconceptions, i think henry robertson hasn't updated his data" b'file on korea since...mid 1970s. owning a car in korea is no longer' b'a luxury. most middle class people in korea can afford a car and do' b'have at least one car. the problem in korea, especially in seoul, is' b'that there are just so many privately-owned cars, as well as taxis and' b'buses, the rush-hour has become a hour phenomenon and that there is' b'no place to park. last time i heard, back in january, the kim administration' b'wanted to legislate a law requireing a potential car owner to provide' b'his or her own parking area, just like they do in japan.' b'' b"also, henry would be glad to know that hyundai isn't the only" b'car manufacturer in korea. daewoo has always manufactured cars and' b'i believe kia is back in business as well. imported cars, such as' b'mercury sable are becoming quite popular as well, though they are still' b'quite expensive.' b'' b"finally, please ignore henry's posting about korean politics" b"and bureaucracy. he's quite uninformed." b'--' b't. h. brian chung happiness is... this .sig was brought' b'cesr10::thc ithaca, ny 