b'' b'' b'gki hear that tires for this car can get really expensive. i' b'gkcurrently have goodyear gt+4s that cost the previous owner b'gkfor four.' b'' b'try eagle gas, wear better, cost less, lose little handling, and are' b"quieter. i'm going to switch to 225s in my next set, with new rims" b"(fitti twists) if i can afford 'em by the time my gas wear out." b'' b'gkis a whole new ritual for me with that fangled pedal! also, i began' b'gkto wonder how strong that brake really is. (today, i backed out of' b'gkparking spot today and started to drive away before i noticed' b'gkthe glowing brake light. oops.)' b'' b"mine is strong enough to not let the car move when it's in, even if you're" b'giving it enough gas to normally move it in 1st. you might need a brake' b'adjustment.' b'' b"gkthe driver's power window creaks when closed all the way. the same" b'gkthing happens in my parents mercury sable. oddly, all the' b'gkother windows work smoothly.' b'' b'watch it closely, the glass actually flexes from the torque in the motor, it' b'seems stronger in the drivers window then the others.' b'' b"gki'm liking the interior amenities more and more each day. the" b'gkcupholders are great.' b'' b"i've found the location (under the armrest in between the seats) to be a" b'pain, but like having them. they moved it into the dash (pop out) in the' b"'91 model year, much better." b'' b"gki really feel like i don't deserve this car. i really can't" b'gkbelieve that i could afford it. i got this car ten years' b'gkahead of schedule. b'' b"i did the same thing. got a black with 65.5k miles on it for $8k" b"in july b'' b"gki've put together the responses to my questions about the cars, as" b"gkwell as other posts with useful information on these cars. i'll be" b'gkposting this in the form of a faq soon.' b'' b'grabbed it and archived it. thanks!' b'' b'gkif anyone is interested in starting a mailing list, please speak up!' b"gki don't know if i have the resources here at purdue to start one, but" b'gkmaybe someone out there does.' b'' b"i'll be starting one this summer, one way or the other (current software" b"i use dosen't support mailing lists, but is on the rsn list if not, i'm" b'going to upgrade to another package that does have it), that is, if nobody' b'else beats me to it. will make an announcement here when it goes up.' b'' b'----' b'the cutting edge bbs (cutting.hou.tx.us) a pcboard 14.5a system' b'houston, texas, usa running uupcb' 