b'' b'' b"i'm looking for information on opel cars. now you ask, which model?" b"well, the sad truth is, i'm not entirely sure, but it's a two-seater," b'with roll-over headlights, hard top, and really sporty looking. my' b'friend has one sitting in his yard in really nice condition,' b"body-wise, but he transmission has seized up on him, so it hasn't run" b'for a while. does anyone have any info on these cars? the engine' b'compartment looks really tight to work on, but it is in fine shape and' b'i am quite interested in it.' b'' b"that would be the opel gt, sold in this country from to it originally" b'had a cc engine, which was later replaced by the cc. it was based' b'on the old kadett drive train and suspension, with leaf springs in the rear' b'and a single transverse leaf spring in the front. it looked good, but was' b'limited as a performer.' b'' b'there has also been some discussion in this thread about the manta and other' b'models. in opel introduced a new line of models, the series, that' b'were also known as model numbers etc. these cars had the newer' b'1900cc engine and were available as two and four-door coupes, a station wagon,' b'and a "sport coupe", known in europe as the manta. at the same time, there' b'were two 30-series cars, which sold very few numbers, that also had the b'engine but the kadett suspension. the sport coupe, (model was also' b'available as the rallye, (57r), with a blacked out hood, tach, and fog lights,' b'but was mechanically the same except for a numerically higher rear end ratio.' b'' b'in the sport coupe was also named the manta in the us. was the last' b'year for the gt in any country, both because of the us bumper height regulations' b'and the fact that fiat exercised an option on the factory that opel was leasing' b'to build the gts.' b'' b'the series continued in with minor body differences. in the' b'manta, sedan (also called the ascona) and the wagon were available with' b'bosch electronic fuel injection. these cars also had larger brakes and' b'wider wheels. these cars were starting to compete with the buick century' b'low price leader of the time, and were the last opels imported into the us.' b'' b'from to cars that sported buick/opel badges were still sold by' b'the buick dealers, but were rebadged isuzu i-marks. the idea was to call them' b"opels instead of changing the dealers' neon signs." b'' b'various models of the 50-series cars dominated the showroom stock racing of the' b"70's in their class, and were known as serious 2002-competition." b'' b'parts are still available from a number of sources.' b'' b"(i still have a manta and two sedans and all the trick parts i could" b'collect in years).' b'--' b'john kennedy uunet!opel!johnk' b'annapolis, md' 