b'' b'mail bounced, so...' b'' b"i am in the process of buying a new auto. i haven't decided yet whether" b'i should sell my current car myself or trade it in as part of the new' b'auto purchase.' b'' b'traditional wisdom says you are almost certainly better off selling it' b"yourself if you don't mind that extra hassle. having a trade-in on a purchase" b'just makes getting the best price from a dealership more confusing.' b'' b'i know that the "blue book" value for the car is b'' b'i assume this is _retail_ bluebook. there are two bluebook prices, one for' b'retail and one for wholesale. you really want the retail price if you can' b'get it. the blue books also have adjustments you can make for low mileage' b'and extras on your particular car. you should look all this stuff up yourself.' b'also keep in mind that the blue book prices are averages over the country' b'that may not apply in your area. for example, blue book prices are low for' b'california. a better way of finding out how much your car might be worth is' b"to call around and see what it's selling for (if any used lots have one) or" b'looking in local papers for similar cars and checking out the prices. it' b'might be more time efficient to take a small loss (rather than hold out for' b'6 months for the best price).' b'' b'an acquaintence' b'has offered to give me blue book value for the car.' b'' b'i don\'t know what you mean by "an acquaintance" but i would make darn sure' b"that i was paid, that is, cashier's check in full before delivery. there's" b'a real temptation when selling to a pseudo-friend to be more accomodating' b'than you should. make sure you get the money and if they hedge about paying' b"in full at the start (with a cashier's check or cash) then i would go" b'elsewhere. rememeber that you can probably sell your car to a used car lot' b"or wholesaler and get wholesale bluebook. that's probably a safer approach" b'than selling to a private party.' b'--' b'' b'-- alan mountain dew and doughnuts...' b'..!ames!elroy!alan because breakfast is the most important meal' 