b'' b'keywords: brick, truck, danger' b'date: thu, apr gmt' b'| a reformatory for juviniles a few blocks away. they caught the year old' b'| that did it. they put a cover over the overpass, what else could they do?' b'|' b'| execute the juvi on the grounds of the reformatory, required attendendence' b'| by the rest of the inmates, as soon as possible after the incident and a' b'| quick sure trial. i am quite serious. cause and effect. nothing else' b'| will ever make a dent.' b'' b'this will not work. hitler-youth, newark teenager car stealing epidemics b'student riots and other similar cases show that death is not a' b'behaviour-shaping or even intimidating factor for teenagers.' b'teens defy death.' b'' b"i is a strong deterent to the teens that are executed. they won't do that" b'again! this policy cuts way down on repeat offenders.' b'' b"please do not flame me i don't agree with capital punishment for teen's." b'' b'' b'' b'as far as rock throwing is concerned well, it is very sad and tragic.' b'most of these incidents stem from the fact that these kids are dumb,' b"even smarter ones completely lack deductive thinking and can't foresee" b'the consequences of their actions beyond immediate ones.' b'unfortunately, dumbness and cars whizzing at mph make an explosive' b'mix.' b'' b'they are also unsupervised. with proper supervision, they would not be' b'throwing rocks. if parents cannot provide the minimal supervision needed' b'to stop this activity, they should not be allowed to have children b'' b'notice the smiley b'' b'' b'however, i hardly believe there was intent to kill in most of these cases,' b'rather desire to see the shattering glass (i admit i was mercilessly' b'attacking moscow busses with a slingshot in my tender years), akin to' b'a child breaking toys. i witnessed several even more endeavouring' b'projects like stacking up bricks on a railroad track. technical' b'details of such a venture completely dominate the possibility of' b'a human tradegy (heck, when you are you have a vague concept of' b"human tradegy) in a mind of a youngster. i'm quite sure that technical" b'challenge of matching and predicting speed of a thrown stone so that it' b'gets the car smack in the windshield completely occupies the teen,' b'not leaving much room for other considerations.' b'' b'' b'sergei' b'' b'' b'--------------------------------------------------------' b'ron stafford texas instruments incorporated' b'(214) p.o.box ms 