b'' b" you know, i'm a ford fan, i must say, so i'm looking forward to the next" b' mustang. i have faith that it will be a fine product, more desireable' b" than the camaro is now. you know, that's mho." b'' b' true...thats your opinion.' b'' b' they beat ford to the market with the camaro/firebird, but really only' b' in words. production of these vehicles will be limited until the' b' end of the year, keeping selling prices above msrp for the most part' b" since there are so many twitching camaro fans out there. i wouldn't" b' press ford to hurry the mustang since the final wait could be worth it.' b' besides, no bow-tie fanatic is gonna buy the mustang anyway.' b'' b" true again.. i wouldn't take a free mustang...honest." b'' b" the next mustang will be ford's highest profile car. it attracts" b" way more attention than the camaro/firebird because it's heritage" b" is more embedded in the general public. don't lie to yourself and" b' believe ford will forfeit that.' b'' b' fyi: they already did.' b" too bad that the current mustang can't even compete with the new" b' camaro without using an active imagination.' b" right now few cars can compare with the camaro, think about it.." b' for a car that will out perform all but a few exotics.' b" if you are now swearing at me look at the stats...they don't lie." b" there are no comparable cars in it's class, certinaly not for its price." b'' b' you know,intelligent, critical spews like, "the mustang bites, man!"' b' some of you are already beginning. i predict that the mustang and camaro' b' will be comparable performers, as usual.' b' b' i also agree, this subject is one that will never be setteled....' b' except maybe at the track b'' b" unless the ford gets the 32v, 300hp romeo. you don't seriously believe" b' that it was designed for the mark viii only, do you?' b' b' hey, can you imagine the potential of a modified lt-1!!!!!!!' b' folks in a few years we will surpass the levels of performance' b" achieved in the late '60's, thats scary." b'' b'you ford vs chevy people must live in the planet of detroit or droid.' b'' b'like they say in the airforce, with enough horsepower anything will fly.' b'' b'i can put a 32valve v-8 with twin garret-4s on yugo and get 7.7sec qm.' b'thats useless its still a yugo that will loose any race on a track,' b'or on the street.' b'' b'have you detroit beings compared the ultra-long-throw stick shifts of' b'the with the mr2 turbo or rx7 (i ll buy it in mos) b'' b'or the torsen differential of the rx7 compared to the differential of' b'the that sounds in every hairpin turn b'' b'and bythe way and camaro both have drums on the rear breaks b"hello this is the 's b'' b'vlasis theodore' b'software engineer' b'' b'-just say no to signatures-' 