b'' b'these are the extensions i know of' b'ch switzerland' b'se sweden' b'fi finland' b'uk uk' b'com us?' b'edu us? (are both com and edu us?)' b'fr france' b'dk denmark' b'no norway' b'' b'.com and .edu are both united states, one refers to commercial institutions,' b'the other to mental i mean, "educational" institutions. .gov is also' b'pretty much us, it refers to government institutions. internet was built on' b'the aarp backbone, a us defense contractor network that used the extension' b'' b'i think you mean arpa; aarp is the american association of retired persons,' b"and i seriously doubt that they'd want young whippersnappers building" b'anything on their backbones, what with de-calcification and all b'' b'to identify the type of organisation. internet extended the convention for' b'other countries, but the us retained the old conventions.' b'' b"the general convention is that if it doesn't have a country tag on it, it's" b'a us site. that includes:' b'.com\tcommercial' b'.edu\teducational' b'.mil\tus military sites' b".gov\tus gov't non-military sites (eg nasa sites)" b'.org\tanyone who is "none of the above"' b'there are sites with such tags that are non-us sites, but they will have' b'the country extension (eg xxxx.edu.au is an extension i saw today).' b'us sites can also use the .us extension, but, as mr. smith pointed' b'out, the internet was built on the arpanet backbone, and they default' b"to us sites if there's no country code." b'' b"i would suggest that anyone who didn't know this (or wants to know" b'more about it on a non-system-administrative level) check out' b"the book _the_whole_internet_user's_guide_and_catalog_ by ed krol." b"(or is it catalog and user's guide? i can never remember, and my copy" b"is my desk at home...). it's a very good not-necessarily-technical" b'guide to the internet and the various utilities that lurk on it (including' b"usenet). i don't think it's part of the nutshell series, but it is" b"published by o'reilly and associates." b'' b'this should go to one of the news.* newsgroups, but damned if i' b'can figure out which one.... b'' b'james' b'' b'james p. callison microcomputer coordinator, u of oklahoma law center' b"disclaimer: i'm not an engineer, but i play one at work..." b"the forecast calls for thunder...'89 t-bird sc" b'"it\'s a hell of a thing, killing a man. you take away all he has' b'and all he\'s ever gonna have."' b'--will munny, "unforgiven"' 