b'' b'' b'let me explain why i feel the "bogey" counter feature is a gimmick.' b'radar waves bounce off objects especially metal. that is how radar' b'speed measurement works. a high frequency microwave (x band approx b'ghz and k is approx ghz) is sent out and reflected back to the' b'antenna off of an automobile or other objects. if an object is moving' b'a doppler shift (about hz per mph on x band) occurs, is measured' b'and converted to miles per hour. these waves bounce all over the' b'place and they can reflect many times and go in many directions.' b'' b'from what i understand the valentine-1 can only tell if these' b'microwaves are coming from the front, rear or both. there are only' b'two antennas. if they are coming from both this in interpreted as a' b'"side bogey". bogey counts are determined as sources by their' b'relative strength to one another even if they are reflections of the' b'same source.' b'' b"i'm certainly no engineer and really have no scientific basis" b"on which to make this argument, but don't you answer your own" b'question? is the reflected signal "shifted" at all from the' b"act of being reflected? if so, wouldn't it then be easy for" b'the detector to discriminate between reflections and direct' b'sources?' b'' b'here is the problem. since the microwaves reflect, how does the unit' b'tell if it is a "source" or a "reflection"? take a valentine-1 and' b'drive to the local grocery store that uses an x-band radar door' b'opener. you can tell by the small black box above the door pointed' b'down at about a degree angle and your detector going off when it' b'gets near. the valentine-1 will count or bogeys from all' b"directions front, rear and sides (it doesn't say which side). the" b'count changes as cars drive by and reflections change. is there or' b'8 sources? not at the store i go to. as i drive around with a' b'standard detector i can only find one source and that is the door' b'opener for the front door.' b'' b'troy wecker' b'sequent computer systems' b'beaverton, or' b'--' 