b'' b'writes:' b"i looked at that bimmer yesterday. it's an has about 90kmi, according" b'to owner (odometer stopped working at 68kmi). drivess well, sounds good,' b'body is ok, he wants b"i liked the car, despite it's auto tranny, but my wife will be a primary" b'driver on this one, and she wants auto.' b'the radio does not work untill the car warms up and you honk the horn b'the a/c seems to have a leak.' b'the sunroof is sticky, but operational.' b'odometer does not work, as mentioned before.' b'idle is a bit bouncy, going from 900rpm to 1200rpm.' b'wipers are slow.' b"that's teh gripes. the owner says that he changed radiator, alternator," b'rotors and calipers, exhaust.' b'the biggest problem, is that the owner is a shifty sob, telling strange' b'stories. i hate that. i would never buy from a persom like that, except, how' b'often you see a descent 528i for that amount of money. he also said that,' b"although i could bring a mechanicin, he wouldn't let me check the car by taking" b'' b'it to a garage. suspicious. and who knows what milage is on it.' b"so, let me know what to check for, given there's practically no rust." b'i know there was an article on 528i in r&d a few years back, anybody remembers' b'what issue?' b'mike.s' b'' b"don't buy it! all of the things you mentioned will just give you headaches" b'later on. also it sounds like the car needs a lot of work and as you probably' b"know bmw's are not cheap to fix either. the owner sounds like a shady" b'character just trying to take advantage of someone. sure sounds good' b'but you should calculate how much the repairs will be. it sounds like you' b'would have to sink in at least to get everything fixed if not more.' b'also never trust anyone as far as mileage is concerned. who knows how many' b"miles are on it and how it was driven. sure people tell you bmw's hold up but" b'you have to consider any car is subject to wear and tear. for all you know it' b'could have miles on it. the thing you have to remember is that this' b"isn't the last 528i around either. just wait and keep shopping. for around b'5000-6000 you can probably find one that is better, needs less repair, and has' b'legitimate mileage unlike the one you are considering. take it from a guy who' b'has been taken a couple of times. good luck.' b'al himsl' 