b'' b'' b'i can put a 32valve v-8 with twin garret-4s on yugo and get 7.7sec qm.' b'thats useless its still a yugo that will loose any race on a track,' b'or on the street.' b'' b'a yugo that will go 1/4mi in seconds will _not_ lose on the' b"street. that's just too damn quick. it might be wrapped around" b'a telephone pole at the end of that quarter mile, but it will' b'be there alone...' b'' b'have you detroit beings compared the ultra-long-throw stick shifts of' b'the with the mr2 turbo or rx7 (i ll buy it in mos) b'' b'or you could replace the stock shifter with a hurst short-throw' b'shifter (available from ford motorsport), or any number of other' b'after-market products to boost the performance of a mustang or' b"camaro. can you do _that_ with a rx-7, or, verily, with _any_" b'mr-2? with the detroit aftermarket, you can build a mustang or' b'camaro which is superior to either car you mention for less than' b'the sticker price of either.' b'' b'or the torsen differential of the rx7 compared to the differential of' b'the that sounds in every hairpin turn b'' b"well, gee. it works, and it doesn't break. it transmits power to" b"the drive wheels, and it's essentially zero maintenance--and there's" b'an aftermarket in parts for ford and chevy rear-ends, too.' b'' b'and bythe way and camaro both have drums on the rear breaks b"hello this is the 's b'' b"well, the mustang cobra (which, from all reports, uses the" b"same running gear as mustang) has 4-wheel disks. i can't" b'speak for the new camaro, but i think it does, too.' b'' b'also, stop and think about the markets here. the mustang is, and' b"always has been, a mass-market sporty car (that's where the" b'"pony car" class came from) with a performance model. that\'s' b'why it has the econo-box running gear. that was also factored' b'into the design of the mustang from the day lee iacocca conceived' b'his baby; it was designed as a wide-market car--sporty, yet' b'accessible--with room for performance tweaking.' b'' b'the cars you listed are designed for a specific market niche,' b'and they both fit those niches very well. the mustang, at least,' b"does well in multiple markets; i can't speak for the camaro." b'' b'james' b'' b'james p. callison microcomputer coordinator, u of oklahoma law center' b"disclaimer: i'm not an engineer, but i play one at work..." b"the forecast calls for thunder...'89 t-bird sc" b'"it\'s a hell of a thing, killing a man. you take away all he has' b'and all he\'s ever gonna have."' b'--will munny, "unforgiven"' 