b'' b'' b'' b'each valentine is hand tuned to maximum performance is all the radar bands' b'of coverage, this of course, adds to the labor cost and in turn the cost of the' b'unit.' b'' b'i live in the backyard of the folks who make the stalker radar system. the' b'valentine has saved me many, many, many times from the stealth revenue' b'enhancement traps of the local area. i have had all the major brand detectors,' b'and, imho, nothing else even comes close to the v1!' b'' b"i don't work for valentine, i am just a satisfied user of their unit!" b'' b'if you really want the nitty gritty details on all this, call the nice folks' b'at valentine research. they will be more than happy to explain their' b'perspective on radar detection and analysis methods.' b'the calls free b'' b'at' b'' b'it seems that there are more and more "bands" available for' b'police radar each month. i have recently purchased (within' b'the last months) the bel 966stw. while it is not a perfect' b'detector by any means, it does do the job fairly well.' b'' b'now, however, i pick up a car magazine at the airport and' b'read about this super ka wideband which is a superset of' b'the ka wideband that this latest generation of detectors' b'was touted as covering.' b'' b'so now bel has a new series of detectors out that cover all' b'the usual bands (x, k, ka photo, ka wideband) as well as the' b'new super ka wideband.' b'' b'just as there comes a point of diminishing returns when chasing' b'increased pc computing power with faster and faster cpus (for' b'the average home consumer, at least), it seems that there is' b'now the same concern with radar detectors. does it make sense' b'to upgrade just months after purchasing my "new" detector?' b'is valentine upgrading their equipment? if so, it might be' b'worth it for me to upgrade to the valentine. i was in the' b'market for a valentine when i purchased the bel but the' b'3-4 month waiting time was just too much for me since i had' b'inadequate protection with my passport. life was much simpler' b'when there was just x and k band and escort has the best' b'equipment on the market and there was no need to continuously' b'shop for a new detector. i hope that the flood of new radar' b'bands ceases with this new super wideband business.' b'' b' b' b' b' b' b' \t\t \t b' allen tobias technical email: b' waterview parkway b' richardson, tx b' b' "no one cares how much you know until they know how much you care!"' b'' b'' b'' b'--' 