b'' b'' b"does anybody have any information on the second generation broncos? (i'm" b"not talking about bronco ii's, i'm referring to the broncos that began" b'production in based on the f-150 chassis i believe)' b'' b"ahh broncos. well personally, i have a the blue book is just" b'a hair over grand. i bought it for and then bought new tires b'front end rebuild carb rebuild then i did the unthinkable' b'and blew the engine (not bronco specific, unmaintained engine with b'2400 more bucks there, now it is in nice condition, well after new seats out' b'of a t-bird, radio, amps, speakers, alarm, well the radio and amps were' b'free and i bought the speakers used for bucks, and the other speakers' b'i took out of my old jeep (sell a jeep for a bronco you might ask,' b'but it was a wagoneer). its a lovely specimen, solid front and rear' b'axels, ford and a dana up front. watch the rear axel wrap, i' b'busted off my u-bolts once, i added traction shocks after that and' b"haven't had a problem since. also the bottom of the doors tend to" b'rot, bottom of the tailgates likes to rust right up to the new ones' b'that might be in your budget. the post broncos have that sickly' b'ttb front end and little stamped and folded steel radius arms were' b'as the have nice big cast iron longer radius arms(ie more prspective' b'wheel travel). the only rust i have is on my doors and a few' b"dings in the sheet metal. i don't know when the removeable tops were" b'discontinued but they are fun. i just ordered a full convertable top' b"for for mine(credit card). don't ever break the window if you" b'have the double laminated bronzed privacy glass in your cap it is over' b'400 bucks to replace. my bronco also does pretty good offroad,' b"i haven't bottomed out my suspension, yet, and have crossed over" b'3 foot deep of water with no problems, handles rocks like a charm too.' b"one problem is it is wide and you sometimes can't follow a cj or a" b'toyota, between two rocks or trees, and your grandmother will have' b'a hard time getting up into it.' b'' b'bob' 