b'' b'well, although this may be an uncommon occurrence (or not) i had a "bad"' b'experience with techworks. this past summer i upgraded (increased) the memory in' b'a powerbook and a ci. when i called to place the order for the pb ram, i was' b'told by the sales person that they would give me a rebate if i would return' b'the original ram (which was also techworks ram.) i followed the instructions for' b'returning the old ram, expecting to see a credit on my visa within a few weeks.' b'' b'well, months went by, and no credit. after many calls (almost none of which were' b'ever returned arghhh) i finally found someone who told me "why we never' b'received your old chips." i then explained i the procedure that i had' b'followed to return them, to which the person replied "you mean you sent them' b'us mail?" (which i had, per the original sales person\'s instructions.) i was' b'told that they their loss of us mail shipments is not uncommon (come on) and that' b'i should have sent the stuff via fedex, etc. i reasoned that i had done exactly' b'what i had been told to, but they would not budge, the people i spoke with were' b'absolutely no help. i sent letters, copies of the original receipts, attempted' b'to trace the package through the us mail, made *many* more phone calls to' b"techworks, all to no avail (i wouldn't give-up because i was so disgusted.)" b'sales/support people, supervisors, there was nothing i could do to pursuade them' b'to "make it right."' b'' b'i finally (in total disgust) wrote a letter to my credit card company, asking' b'them to investigate the problem. three weeks later, the credit miraculously' b'appeared on my statement. i have not (in recent memory) been so disgusted with' b'the service that i received from a company. in all fairness, they had no way of' b'knowing that was not trying to rip them off, but i went to *such* great lengths' b"to prove to them that this really happened. oh well, c'est la vie. i will never" b'buy another product from them again.' b'' b'(there had to get that off my chest!)' 