b'' b'' b' b' what is the difference?' b' i want a double-spin cd-rom drive by may' b' b' looking into nec and apple, doublespins only' b' what is the best?' b'' b' nec toshiba and sony (apple) nearly deliver the same speed.' b' as apples prices are very low (compared to there ram simms)' b' you should buy what is inexpencive. but think of driver revisions.' b' it is easier to get driver kits from apple than from every other' b' manufacturer' b'' b' christian bauer' b'' b'' b'' b'\ti thought nec and toshiba cd-rom mechanism have an average' b'access time of less than ms. while the sony-apple cd-rom' b'drive has an access time of ms for the doublespin models.' b'' b'- chung yang' b'' b'' b'i have the a cd-technology drive with the toshiba mechanism, and it is' b'supposedly the fast and best now. it has an access of 200ms and a data' b'transfer rate 300kb/sec. it is multisession photo-cd compatible. it is' b'available from educorp for the cd-technology one, and comes with two' b"mail in coupons for two free cds. i'm not sure if the cd's are good, since" b"i've only had the drive a little less than a month and had the cd's shipped" b'to my home address in california instead of here in maryland. the' b'cd-technology drive has a separate power supply separated from the drive,' b'which supposedly gives it a longer life, and keeps it cleaner with no fan to' b'attract dust. a toshiba brand drive is also available, but i think the' b'cd-technology is better, since you get the same mechanism, and at a slightly' b'lower price with two free cds.' b'' b'the apple 300/330i drive, sony mechanism, is around a 300ms access time i' b'think, and a data transfer rate of 300kb/sec. i know it is the slowest of the' b'three mentioned here. it is not widely available, except through the apple' b'catalog, which is bad at a price of only it is also multi-session photo' b'cd compatible. i think the external model comes with free cds, some of' b'which are pretty good.' b'' b'the nec drive has been out the longest. it has an access time of 280ms and' b'a data transfer rate of 300kb/sec. it is available from many vendors around' b"$600 dollars, including educorp. it wasn't multi-sesssion photo-cd compatible" b'before, but i hear that the current version that is shipping is. owners of' b"the older drives can get an upgrade. it does not come with any free cd's" b'unless you buy it in a bundle.' b'' b'of the three cd-rom drives above, i think the best choices would be the' b"apple drive and the cd-technology(toshiba) drive. the apple drive for it's" b"compatibility with apple products and the cd-technology(toshiba) for it's" b'speed and performance.' b'' b'btw, the models of the drives are:' b'' b'apple: applecd or applecd 300i (internal)' b'' b"cd-technology: cd-t3401 (the toshiba brand name model i'm not sure, but it" b'is also something like with b'' b'nec: cdr-74' b'' b'' b"i'm very happy with my drive. and have had no compatibility problems" b'whatsoever. if i am wrong about any of the above, do correct me, but i am' b"pretty sure of myself, even when i think i'm not." b'' b'also, some of you out there might notice that i have the same last name as' b'the president of cd-technology which happens to be in southern california,' b'my hometown. however, i am not a relative nor do i know the guy. liu is' b'just a common chinese name, especially in southern california, with the' b'enormous chinese community. besides, one of my doctors in california has' b"three steve liu's as patients and another steve liu comes to my school and" b'lives in the next dorm. this is to show that liu is very common.' b'' b'steve b'--' b'steve liu |i wish for a better .sig' 