b'' b'i am having trouble with scsi on a mac iifx. the machine is years old' b'and i have been using the same hard drive (internal maxtor lxt-200s) for' b'two and a half years. the disk recently crashed. i reformatted (silverlining' b'5.42), but during the reformat i received random write errors during testing.' b'the error message reported was like:' b'' b'sector write error detected after testing good sector not mapped out.' b'' b'this occurred randomly all over the hard disk (which makes me suspect the' b"diagnostic's reference to sector on the third reformat and after" b'reinstalling the scsi read/write loops i was able to get through passes' b'2,3, and with no errors. (pass for some reason reported a lot of errors,' b'but still mapped out no sectors.) i decided to go ahead and try to resinstall' b'system and reload my data from a backup. this proceded normally; however,' b'i now have sub-optimal performance. symptoms include:' b'' b'o frequent crashes' b'o instances of extremely sluggish disk access requiring a reboot to' b'correct.' b'o instances of not finding the disk on the scsi chain on reboot.' b'- if i boot from norton utl. after this occurs, it cannot find the' b'disk either.' b'- the only thing that fixes this is recycling the power. it sometimes' b'requires several attempts.' b'' b'questions:' b'' b'1) has anyone had this type of problem before?' b'2) is the problem with the fx motherboard (and its non-standard' b'scsi implementation) or with my maxtor disk? is there some' b'diagnostic software that would help me make this determination?' b'3) is it a termination problem? i currently have external syquest' b'and an external dataframe xp60 on the chain. the xp60 is at the' b'end, and has internal termination; so i am not using the iifx' b'terminator. i do have the scsi filter installed on the internal' b'drive. i have run with this exact steup for years with' b'one previous disk crash requiring a reformat (about a year ago).' b'i also have symptoms if i disconnect the external devices;' b"so i don't see how scsi termination would now be an issue. of" b'course who knows b'' b'help would be much appreciated.' b'' b'forrest e. lumpkin iii' b'nasa ames research center' 