b'' b'' b'------ x-posted to comp.sys.mac.hardware and misc.consumers b'' b'you\'ve heard about apple\'s great new customer "support" program. well,' b'think again. sometimes the only real support out there is what apple' b'computer users can give to each other. for another example, read on:' b'' b'in the march 15th issue of _macweek_, ric ford described a two-year effort' b"by liam breck to document and bring to apple's attention a problem with" b'certain defective mice. at random, the switches on these mice "stick" in' b'the down position until clicked a second time, apparently regardless of the' b'machine they are used with or the system software involved. most of the' b'reported problem mice were manufactured in malaysia and have an fcc id of' b'bcga65431. you\'ll recognize this "sticky button" symptom immediately if you' b"have such a mouse: the problem is intermittent, but it's not subtle." b'' b'liam breck recently gave up trying to document this problem, and instead' b"suggested that people contact apple's customer assistance center directly" b'(_macweek_ p. when i called apple on march 23rd and described' b'my defective mouse, i was eventually given a case number (f83y) and told' b'apple would replace this mouse even though it is a few months out of' b'warranty. after waiting for three weeks, i called back today wondering' b'where my new mouse was. this time, i was told that apple had decided the' b'serial number on my mouse (mb13831fc25) is not within the (undisclosed)' b'range apple is willing to replace, and there is nothing i can do about it.' b'' b'nothing, that is, unless enough people complain about this problem to make' b"it worth apple's while to fix or replace the entire lot of defective mice." b"please, if you have one of these mice, i need your help! don't assume you" b'know what causes the problem (there are _lots_ of theories) and start' b'hacking around inside your hundred-dollar mouse. instead, let apple do it.' b'please take five minutes to call apple right now at:' b'' b'united states b'canada b'uk and europe b'australia b'japan and pacific b'' b"if the number isn't toll-free, call collect. describe the problem and ask" b'for a replacement mouse. even if they refuse, insist that they register' b"the details of your case, including your mouse's serial number. be firm." b'' b'network managers and user-group leaders especially, please query your user' b"bases. everyone ask your friends and colleagues. please don't send mail to" b'me or post yet another "sticky-button" report, call apple directly! if' b'enough victims take the trouble to report this well-known problem, apple' b'will eventually be forced to respond. if apple continues to find it easy' b"to stone-wall on this issue, don't expect them to offer support when the" b'next, potentially more serious mac defect is uncovered.' b'' b'-- bill sloan' 