b'' b'i\'ve just installed a tape backup in my c610; lot of the issues' b'are the same. so, to answer your questions...' b'' b'' b' my pli 80m syquest drive has a wire from the' b' drive to an id# switch on the outside of the case. where do i connect' b' this switch?? can the computer just "tell" with internal drives?' b'' b'you probably want to hard-wire the scsi id with shorting jumpers. put' b'it at a convenient number like you *could* cut a hole in the' b'back of the machine to route the id switch, but why go through the' b"hassle? you probably won't be needing to frequently change the id of" b'your internal drive.' b'' b'\ti noticed that the drive will lay over part of the motherboard (i' b"didn't look closely, but i seem to recall it laying over the ram that's" b'soldered onto the motherboard? would that cause problems?' b'' b'yeah, when i first installed the tape drive i was a little concerned' b"too. but it's no problem, the device is designed to fit just fine" b"with the overhang. it shouldn't reach back beyond the rom/ram/vram" b'simms, though.' b'' b'\tone last question! is there anywhere to order a faceplate cover?' b"the drive's front panel is smaller than the space left in the case (the" b"drive's panel is the same size as the spotsbm clone's cases). should i just" b'cut a hole in the plastic panel that is currently holding tmpty place?' b'' b'you can special-order parts to mount the device from your local apple' b'dealer. the relevant parts are:' b'' b'922-0358 blank bezel faceplate' b'922-0850 cd-rom carrier [i.e., generic device mounting bracket]' b'' b"note apple's unfortunate choice of name for the slide-in bracket to" b'mount a device. the service techs i talked to said, "oh sure,' b'we stock those." of course they were thinking of the cd caddies to' b'hold a cd disk when you stick it in the drive.' b'' b'as far as i can tell, apple does not sell a bezel faceplate already' b'cut out for a standard device. (why not? they advertise' b'these machines as being able to accept any standard device in the' b'5.25" bay, why not provide the faceplate?) they do sell a cutout for' b"their cd-rom drive (of course), but that's of no use." b'' b"i'm going to hack up the extra bezel i ordered to make a cutout for my" b'tape drive, which is a standard device.' b'' b'good luck with your syquest.' b'' b'-fred' b'' b'' 