b'' b'' b'i write:' b"i recently got a zyxel u-1496e modem. it's great, but i'm still having" b'some problems figuring out what strings to use in what applications.' b'i basically need strings for z-term, firstclass client, and telefinder' b"client. i've been able to get firstclass and z-term working by using" b"another modem's settings in firstclass and copying them for z-term." b"however, it still has problems z-term, for example, will list 'error'" b'the first time i try dialing after starting the problem. if i cancel and' b"try again, it works fine. telefinder is even worse i can't get it to" b'even wake up the modem. so, if anyone uses a zyxel for any of these' b"programs, i'd greatly appreciate you sending me the setup strings you use" b'thanks in advance!' b'' b'for zterm, i initially did the following:' b'atz4' b'at&d0' b'at&w0' b'then i set my init string to atz0.' b"that's it!" b'' b"i can't help you with firstclass or telefinder, but i've been using zterm" b'and a' b"zyxel for close to two weeks now. here's what i did:" b'' b'once in zterm, set hardware handshaking on and the bps rate to b"(you've" b'probably already done this.) then i typed:' b'' b'at&d0' b'at&w' b'' b'the first line sets the modem to ignore the dtr line (necessary for' b'hardware' b'handshaking with most, though not all, mac hardware handshaking cables).' b'the' b"second stores this setting in non-volatile memory in the modem, so it's the" b'default when the modem starts. in the modem preferences dialog, i have the' b'modem initialization string set to "at&z0^m", which just insures that the' b'stored setting is used (useful if starting zterm after using something like' b'the' b'fax software or macwoof, which change the settings in other ways).' b'alternatively, you could leave the factory default the way it is and just' b'set' b'the zterm initialization string to "at&d0^m", which would accomplish the' b'same' b'thing if the modem is always on before you start zterm, and if other' b'programs' b'don\'t modify the settings. or "at&z0&d0^m" would work even if other' b'programs' b"modify the modem's settings. i do it the way i do because i sometimes" b'forget' b"to turn on the modem before launching zterm, and this way i'm assured of" b'having' b"the correct dtr handling when the modem's powered up." b'' b'after comparing the above strings with my at commands reference guide, i' b'came up with:' b'atz0l2n2x5&d0s11=50^m' b"this is entered in the 'initialize' box on the 'modem preferences' in zterm." b'quick summary of each commmand:' b'z0\t- reset modem to user profile b'l2\t- speaker volume at (fairly quiet)' b'n2\t- ring volume at (fairly quiet)' b'x5\t- display connect info according to setting (see manual)' b'&d0\t- assume dtr (computer) is always on' b's11=50\t- dial speed at (as fast as zyxel can handle)' b'' b'in firstclass, i used this same string, with the addition of s0=0 right' b'before the s11 command, in the setup box. this disables the auto-answer' b'function of the modem for firstclass. i based my modem setting on the supra' b'14.4fax, and just changed the above mentioned string.' b'' b'in telefinder, i based my setting on the zoom v42 hh setting. i changed' b"the 'modem initialization' string to the same one i used for firstclass, and" b'everything seems to work fine.' b'' b'sorry it took so long to get this summary out. if someone wants to forward' b'this to the /info-mac/reports directory at sumex-aim, it might save other' b'newbie zyxel users like myself the trouble of setting up their strings, and' b'also save the net some redundant messages. if anyone else has something' b'to add, feel free.' b'' b'marcus' b'--' b'/// marcus lobbia 