b'' b'this is turning into a faq' b'' b'' b'here is how to violate your quadra warranty and install your own' b'memory.' b'' b'1) insert usual disclaimer here' b'' b'2) remove the top lid of the machine. you will see the floppy disk and' b'hard drive mounted in a plastic tower. follow the usual anti-static' b'precautions and of course make sure the machine is off when you do' b'this. unplug the wall and monitor power supply cords from the back' b'of the mac.' b'' b'3) remove the power supply by pulling the plastic interlocking tab on the' b'tower forward and simultaneously pulling the power supply straight up.' b'the tab is a piece of plastic from the left posterior aspect of the' b'tower which extends downward to hook on to the power supply. you may' b'also feel a horseshoe shaped piece at the right portion of the power' b'supply. leave that alone. the plastic tab from the tower is all you' b'need release.' b'' b'4) look at the rear of the tower assembly. you will see the flat ribbon' b'scsi connector to the hard drive, a power cable and a flat ribbon cable' b'leading to the floppy drive. disconnect all these from the motherboard.' b'the hard drive power cable connector has a tab which must be squeezed' b'to release it.' b'' b'5) unplug the drive activity led from its clear plastic mount' b'' b'6) look down the posterior, cylindrical section of the plastic tower. a' b'phillips head screw is at the base. remove it, taking care not to drop' b'it into the case. a bit of gummy glue on your screwdriver is helpful' b'here.' b'' b'7) remove the tower assembly by pulling medially the plastic tab on the' b'right side of the tower. this tab prevents the tower from sliding' b'posteriorly. slide the entire tower assembly cm posteriorly then' b'lift the tower assembly straight up and out of the case.' b'' b"8) congratulations, you have now gained access to your machine's simm" b'slots.' b'' b'9) the six big slots are for vram. one usually must install all six to' b'gain useful video modes. all simms (ram or vram) installed with their' b'chips facing the front of the motherboard.' b'' b'the four smaller sockets in front are for ram simms. install simms in' b'sets of four into these sockets. be sure you seat the simms squarely' b'and firmly into a fully upright position.' b'' b'10) reinstall the tower assembly by first placing the right wall of the' b'tower against the right wall of the case with the tower assembly about' b'1 cm posterior of its intended position. lower the tower assembly into' b'place while maintaining contact with the right wall of the case.' b'once fully down, slide the tower assembly anteriorly until it clicks' b'into place.' b'' b"11) reconnect the motherboard ends of the cables. dont't forget the floppy" b'drive cable.' b'' b'12) replace the phillips head screw' b'' b'13) drop the power supply straight down into place until it clicks in.' b'' b'14) plug the hard drive activity light back into its clear plastic mount' b'' b'' 