b'' b'here is the macweek article describing the duo ram situation.' b'(w/o permission. i hope that is ok)' b'' b'jose' b'' b'bad ram brings some duos down. (random access memory boards for apple' b'macintosh powerbook duos)' b'macweek v7, n7 (feb b'' b'copyright coastal associates publishing l.p. b'' b'by raines cohen' b'' b'austin, texas some third-party memory-expansion cards for powerbook' b'duos depart from apple specs in ways that could cause crashes, data loss' b'and other problems.' b'' b'technology works inc., a ram and network vendor based here, last week' b'issued a warning about three problems it said it had found in duo ram' b'products from some competing vendors, which it declined to identify.' b'other vendors and an apple spokeswoman confirmed that the problems exist.' b'' b' self-refresh. the duos require a kind of dynamic ram called' b'selfrefreshing, which can recharge itself while the system sleeps. but' b'technology works said some vendors have sold duo cards with' b'nonselfrefreshing dram, which can cause the system to lose data or fail to' b'wake from sleep.' b'' b'most leading memory manufacturers include the letter v in the part' b'number stamped on their self-refreshing chips; nonself-refreshing chips' b'instead have an l, according to techworks. the chip label, however, may' b'not tell the whole story. newer technology of wichita, kan., said it uses' b'nonself-refreshing chips but adds its own circuitry to keep them refreshed' b'while the duo sleeps.' b'' b' speed. some ram-card vendors have put 80-nanosecond dram on duo' b'cards rather than the 70-nanosecond type the requires, technology' b'works said. however, some chips labeled as or 85-nanosecond are' b'certified by the manufacturer to run at a higher speed.' b'' b'kingston technology corp. of fountain valley, calif., said it offers' b'duo ram cards with 80-nanosecond chips, but only for the duo which is' b'compatible with the slower chips.' b'' b' space. technology works charged and apple officials confirmed that' b'some third-party cards are too large to fit properly, forcing the corner' b'of the duo keyboard up and preventing the system from starting up normally' b'when in a duo dock.' b'' b'lifetime memory products inc. of huntington beach, calif., said it' b'originally shipped cards with this problem but has since offered all' b'customers free upgrades to cards that fit.' b'' 