b'' b'i have tried almost everything under the sun to get a null modem connection' b'between a mac duo and a pc. i have used mackermit and versaterm on' b'the mac side. i have used procomm, kermit, and softerm (on os/2) on' b'the pc (or ps) side. i have used non-hardware handshaking and hardware' b'ahdshaking cables. and know my hands are shaking from the effort. nothing' b'has allowed file transfers from the mac to the ps.' b'' b'in general, i can type back and forth with no trouble, but only if both sides' b'are set to speeds over baud. i cannot send files from the mac to the' b'ps at all, and file transfers from the duo to the ps are not possible.' b'when i do a straight ascii send, i can send from the ps to the duo flawlessly.' b'i can send binhex files this way quite fast, and i know that the' b'transmission is error free.' b'but straight ascii sent from the mac to the ps is full of errors.' b'unless, of course, i do text pacing so slow that it is like human' b'typing. (well, like times faster than human typing).' b'' b'i would like to hear from anyone who has been able to transfer files' b'from a duo to a ps via modem or null modem. if you can do it, please' b'tell me your exact combination of hardware and software. obviously, i am' b'talking of a true serial port modem, not the express modem. maybe some' b'kind soul with access to a modem and a duo can check this out for me.' b'' b"right now, i am of the opinion that it won't work at high speeds because" b"of the power interrupts on the duo, and it won't work at low speeds" b"because of some crazy reason i don't understand." b'' b'could i hear from someone attesting that they can really pump information' b'out the serial port of a duo fast? like via a modem or via a' b'sys-ex dump?' b'' b'could anyone with a duo help me out?? i am going absolutely insane.' b'i wanna know if the problem is my duo, or all duo 210s, or all duos,' b'or just me.' b'' b'yes, i have checked the cable times. and not only can i type' b'back and forth, but zterm alerts the users if s/he uses hardware handshaking' b'and cts is down. so i know that hardware handshaking is working. and also,' b'according to zterm port stats, the buffer never overflows.' b'' b"please help me figure out what's going on..." b'' b'scott petrack' b'' 