b'' b'' b"sorry if this is a faq. i don't normally read comp.sys.mac.hardware." b"i am purchasing a couple of centris 650's. i configured the systems" b'as follows:' b'' b'\teight mb ram' b'\tethernet' b'\t1 mb vram' b'\tmath coprocessor option' b'' b'my purchasing agent told me about the math coprocessor option and sent' b'me the apple summary documentation to prove it. i ordered the coprocessor' b"option, but i'm really not sure that we needed it. i thought the chip" b'had a math coprocessor built into it. has apple had a math coprocessor chip' b"architectured to keep up with the speed of the chip in the centris b'i am concerned that i may have set up a hardware bottleneck.' b'' b'apple has really confused people with this whole thing. i think' b"we'll be answering this question for about the next year or so. there is" b'no "option" to get an fpu on a c650. what you have is a choice of cpus:' b'there is the 68lc040 that does not have an integrated fpu like the full' b"'040 and is only present in the base model of the c650 (appleusa)." b"and there is the full which you get when you order anything other" b'than the base configuration. therefore, since you have ordered one' b'of the 8mb versions with on-board ethernet models you will not be' b"getting the lc040. but even if you wanted to have the lc040 you wouldn't" b'be able to order a c650 with 8mb ram, on-board ethernet and an lc040.' b'it\'s not an "option."' b'also, a note to people out there that have c650s and c610s' b"thinking that there is an optional fpu, the class chip cannot" b'recognize an external fpu, so there is no socket on the motherboard for' b'a fpu chip and you cannot go out and purchase an fpu on a pds card or' b'something like that. the only way to get an fpu in these machines is to' b"replace the lc040 with a full and if you have a c610, you will not" b'need to worry about a heat sink if you do replace the lc040 with the' b"full but if you have a c650 you do need to have a heat sink." b'' b'-hades' b'' 