b'' b'' b'' b'does anyone know why apple has an ambiguous message for c650 regarding' b'fpu? in all mac price lists i\'ve seen, every c650 has the message "fpu:' b'optional". i know from what we\'ve discussed in this newsgroup that all' b'c650 have the fpu built in except the configuration. why would' b'they be so unclear about this issue in their price list?' b'' b'i think this is mostly the fault of the people who write up the' b'literature and price lists being confused themselves. since there are' b"two possible processor configurations and one of the them doesn't have" b"an fpu it does seem to be an option, even though it really isn't." b'' b"i'm planning to buy the c650 8/230/cd pretty soon, but i'm now getting" b'confused with whether it comes with fpu or not.' b'' b'well, then allow me to end your confusion. the c650 only come with' b'an lc040 in the base configuration. if you are not getting this' b'configuration then you are getting an fpu.' b'' b'why say "optional" if it\'s built in?' b'' b'good question. i have been wondering that since feb. 10th.' b'' b'if you get the centris with cd configuration, you are getting a mac with' b'a 68rc040 processor that has built-in math coprocessor support. my' b'understanding is that the "optional fpu" refers to your option of purchasing' b'the centris without fpu or one of the other configurations with fpu.' b'' b'this is possible, but an option is something that you are supposed' b'to be able to request when you want it. what apple has done is given the' b'buyer a choice between configurations and not an option.' b'' b'apple does not offer an upgrade from the non-fpu system to become an fpu' b"system. and, it is unclear whether the processor on the non-fpu system" b'(a 68lc040) can be replaced with a 68rc040 supplied by another vendor.' b'' b'this is not unclear at all. in fact apple has included in the roms' b'of those machines with lc040s code to recognize the presence of the full' b"040's fpu and use it. thereby making the upgrade as easy as switching" b"chips. you pop the lc040 out and pop in a full b'' b'apple did send a memo out at one point sating that the centris which only' b'comes with a non-fpu 68lc040 processor cannot be upgraded to support an fpu b'the pin configurations of the two chips apparently do not match so you cannot' b"swap one for another (again, according to apple's memo)." b'' b'they did? i think i would double-check this. it has been stated' b'countless times in this newsgroup by two of the centris hardware' b"designers that the lc040 and the full are pin compatible and that" b"the c610 can be upgraded to a full b'' b'-hades' b'' 