b'' b"gosh, i wish people would read the postings that they are 'following up' to." b'' b'' b'' b' \tanyway, i was hoping someone knowledgeable' b' about mac internals could set me straight: is it simply' b' impossible for a mac se to print grayscale, or could' b'' b'to use the grayscale features, i believe you need a mac equipped' b"with colour quickdraw. i was told this somewhere or other, but it's" b'' b' i think you will find that the mac se can print grayscale images, loaded' b' with the proper software. however, the mac se cannot display grayscale on' b'' b'the original poster (w g wright) posted an item saying that he had bought a new' b'wizz-bang laser printer from apple (a select i think) which can print' b'grayscale. he then said that he cannot print grayscale from his se computer' b"(and also that all the 'experts' he has dealt with agree that it is not" b'possible).' b'' b'this is the one major bugbear about doing a 3rd party se upgrade (compared to' b"apple's se to se/30 upgrade): you will never be able to run color quickdraw. it" b'is color quickdraw that controls color and grayscale.' b'' b'ses can print some colour: this is because quickdraw the original, non-colour' b'version, has the right hooks for eight colours. some of you will remember the' b"'scsigraph' solution to getting a colour screen for your se (i think that it" b'gave you sixteen colours by dithering or something).' b'' b"there is no reason that apple couldn't release software patches for older" b'computers (there are lots of mac pluses, classics and ses that have been' b'upgraded to and processors which should be perfectly able to deal' b'with color quickdraw) but they wont, and 3rd parties are having a difficult' b"time in duplicating the mac's roms (i.e. nutek et al.)." b'' b'just one caveat: i would have thought that if you were printing a postscript' b'grayscale image onto a postscript grayscale printer, that you would be able to' b'do so, whatever mac you were using. (and i am pretty sure that the select b"is not a postscript printer correct me if i'm wrong?])." b'' b'phil ryan' b'melbourne, australia' 