b'' b'' b' when the computer is set for colors and certain operations are done,' b' particularly vertical scrolling through a window, horizontal white lines' b' appear on the monitor (which generally but not always spare open' b' windows). these lines accummulate as the operation is continued. if a' b' window is moved over the involved area of the screen and then moved away' b' the line disappear from that area of the screen. this problem is not' b' observed if the monitor is configured for colors or a inch apple' b' monitor with colors is used.' b'' b'has anyone not had these problems in the given configurations?' b'(that would help eliminate design flaw as the explanation)' b'' b'as a data point, i\'m using a centris with the apple b'monitor and do not have these problems.' b'' b'' b'i can produce similar artifacts.' b'' b'i am using a centris with an apple monitor. i got the 8/230/cd' b'configuration, so there is on-board ethernet and megabyte of video ram.' b'the effect only occurs in color and grey modes. any vertical scrolling operation, whether with a scrollbar or, say, using vi and inserting lines,' b'will produce a scattering of horizontal flickering lines on the screen.' b'they do not persist each is visible for perhaps one refresh, and then' b'that part of the screen is back as usual.' b'' b'they seem to always start at or about the 64th pixel from the left,' b'and are maybe pixels wide. this is certainly not preventing me from' b'using my macintosh but it does seem to be a sign of something' b'perhaps grounded incorrectly in the video circuitry...' b'' b'' b'i went ahead and called the apple customer assistance center, at:' b'1-800-776-2333, or (more direct?)' b'' b'the person who answered was polite i also took the chance to complain' b'about my mouse button sticking, and about the mac hanging on boot after a' b'(hard killed macsbug) crash which left a cd in the drive. (i had to play' b'with a paperclip for about minutes to get thing to eject, after which the' b'mac booted fine.)' b'--' 