b'' b'' b' that was my point. sony did manufacture the powerbook under license' b' from apple. and it actually works!' b'' b'yup, i bought the darn thing cause it was sturdy. i carry it around in' b'an unpadded (unless you consider all the papers and files and folders)' b"bookbag (shoulder strap little job from eddie bauer). i've travelled" b'cross country several times with walkman, discman and tapes, books and' b"computer all piled in their. my pb100 works happily, and i'm typing on" b'it right now... it has a global village teleport v.32 internal' b'send/receive fax-modem, and i just love it.' b'' b'unfortunately, i have seen a new duo that a friend bought as a' b'primary computer (i have a mac iisi and se30 as primary home' b'computers, and quadra and iici at work in the lab). and while amazed' b'at the lightness of it, i was kinda shocked at the flimsiness of the' b"screen. i'm sure it'd break real easy...." b'' b" (sorry, but other than my trinitron, everything else i've ever bought from" b" sony has failed. why did i keep trying? because i'm 'tupid.)" b'' b"aw, c'mon. i've got a sony vcr, a sony tv (both must be over two years old by" b'now), a sony camcorder (five months old?), and of course an apple rgb' b"monitor with a sony tube that i'm never going to part with. and the cd-300i" b'drive in my month-old centris is in fact a sony.' b'' b"maybe it's a question of personal compatibility. maybe your body puts out the" b'wrong polarity of static electricity, or something... b'' b'geez, we are a sony familly. our neighbor works for zeinth and hates' b"it (always asks why we didn't buy zeinth products). nice guy" b'nevertheless. we still have two working sony color trinitrons from' b"1972 and older one is on it's second picture tube, but both" b"work. now they're relegated to the old 8-bit atari computer and atari" b"2600 game machinces, as well as our not-that-old younger sister's" b"nintendo game machine. sony doesn't make tv's like they used to" b"though, the newer mexican assembly-line tv's are not that reliable or" b'sharp anymore... dad also just got a direct-view sony (god, the' b'thing weighs a ton!). still, where would we be without trinitrons,' b'cd players, or the veritable walkman????' b'' b'-shishin "squish" yamada' b'' 