b'' b'i have a pb that i might be selling soon to upgrade to a duo before' b'graduation, to take advantage of the educational discount. to those who' b'have recently bought or sold a pb what kind of price did you get?' b'info on any config of pb100 appreciated. thanks.' b'' b'--' b'cam daly' b'' b'cam,' b'' b'several months ago i bought a pb100 with external floppy, appletalk' b'remote access, a kensington case and ac adapter with complete documentation' b'and in almost new condition, used for us$900. i considered it a very good' b'buy and am very *cosy* with my little baby now... b'' b'murray' b'' b'put me down for a pb100 with ext. floppy, appletalk remote acces,' b'ac adapter, and fresh out of box (was used, but buyer switched to b'on arrival and sold unopened box. purchased last october for b'later i bought a used powerport v.32 bps internal fax-modem for' b"something like i'm using right now! works great! b'' b'no real complaints. i love my portable system (got a color home setup' b'also. mac ii). reasoning was that matlab programs at school and other' b'simulations of dynamic control systems sometimes took hours (or' b'overnight) to run, tying up my mac ii. i got the pb100 with fast modem' b"to do light work and on-the-run stuff. i figured i'd give it to my" b"little sister next year when she goes to college. it's running system" b'7.1 now without any problems. also i sometimes do dec4015 terminal' b"emulations with matlab on our university's vax_vms (nice thing that it" b'benchmarks itself as an average of times faster than a mac iifx).' b'so, the pb100 just does graphical output and terminal emulation (not' b'too hard at all for it). it was a fabulous setup weeee!!!' b'' b'(by the way, all matlab software was on class accounts. i was also the' b'ta for a class that used simulab/simulink. we had site-license and' b'take-home, then-destroy later site-release licenses... no pirating' b"there, incase you're wondering.... great program!!! b'' b'just like to add, whatever future system you get, you can almost never' b"get enuff memory.... buy it while it's cheap that is buy it when you" b"get the computer since it's usually cheaper than upgrading... i always" b'run out of disk space... but i have a syquest on the mac iisi, so i' b'never worried about space before... got several carts).' b'' b'-shishin "squish" yamada' b'' b'' b'' b'' 