b'' b'wrote:' b'' b'' b' a cnn factiod in the last few months stated that of all the computers' b" in the u.s. are left on hours a day, days a week. i don't recall" b" cnn's source." b' b'' b'' b"here's something to add to the discussion:" b'' b'newsgroups: misc.activism.progressive' b'date: mon, mar gmt' b'lines: b'' b'research has shown that the majority of the time that the united' b"states' to million personal computers are on, they are not" b'actively being used. in addition, to percent are left running' b'at night and on weekends.' b'' b'computer equipment is now the fastest growing private-sector use' b'of electricity. computers alone are believed to account for five' b'percent of commercial electricity consumption, and may account for' b'ten percent by the year b'' b"if you are one of those who leave them on after you're done, it" b'would be a big environmental benefit if you would just turn it off' b"when you're not using it. it only takes a second or two to do." b'' b'also, the majority of the power your computer uses is not consumed' b"by the computer itself, but by the monitor. if you can't turn the" b'computer off, then please just turn off the monitor.' b'' b'the u.s. environmental protection agency has formed an alliance' b'with computer manufacturers to promote the introduction of energy-' b'efficient pcs that "power down" automatically when not being used' b'and thus reduce the air pollution caused by power generation. these' b'new computers will save enough electricity to power both vermont and' b'new hampshire and save up to billion u.s. dollars in annual' b'electricity bills. look for the special epa "energy star" logo when' b'you buy computers. they should be available in one to two years.' b'' b'according to the epa studies, the energy saved will prevent co2' b'emissions of million tons annually, the equivalent of five million' b'automobiles. also, tons of so2 and tons of nitrogen' b'oxide emissions will be saved; these are the major pollutants' b'responsible for acid rain.' b'' b"please do your part be responsible. if you're not using it," b'then just turn it off.' b'' b'- b'' b'information herein is partially taken from the "information' b'please" almanac, page and the u.s. envirnomental protection' b'agency\'s "environmental news."' b'' b'please redistribute this message to every computer bulletin board,' b'network, memo system, etc. you can think of. archive it and post' b"it every so often if you can. let's get the word out to everyone." b'we need to be responsible about the way we consume.' b'' b'jim reynolds' b'[end]' 