b'' b'(espen h. koht) writes:' b'' b' hi-' b' do any of you hardware gurus out there know what kind of memory' b' architecture apple uses in the powerbook duos? or in the powerbook' b' in general?' b' b' what are the factors that make the duo so slow compared to a desktop' b' machine running the same processor at the same speed (25mhz how' b' many wait states are in the memory system, etc? what kind of a data' b' bus does it use? 32-bit or 16-bit?' b' b'' b' huh? where did you get this idea from? i think you got this' b" backwards. the duo's memory is faster than its equivalent desktop" b' machine by (and the rest of the powerboks). i think the' b' explanation for this was that it can refresh faster (in instead of b' cycles i believe). things that could affect performance would be' b' factors such as use of functions enhanced in the fpu (which the duo' b" doesn't have undocked). extensions and background applications can" b' slow your computer down too. real life differences in speed are likely' b' to be influence by the software you are running, what kind of screen' b' depth you are running etc.' b'' b' espen' b'' b' ps! the duo is 32-bit through-out.' b'' b'' b'thanks for the enlightening post. is there a technical note on this?' b'' b'the desktop machine i was referring to was actually not a mac,' b'but rather, any of various workstations that use the' b'68030 cube.' b'' b'but i will try rebooting without extensions to see what kind of' b'a speed difference i get with my powerbook duo. i did notice an' b'extreme slowdown to unusability with a mac plus after' b'installing system on it. why does the os suck up so much cpu' b'power?' b'' b"also, you're right--software does make a huge difference. i" b'have the misfortune of using ms-works on my duo. when editing' b'relatively small (40k) files, cut or copy takes several' b'seconds, often more than seconds!! this happens with power' b'cycling turned off. as usual, ms software is maggot-infested' b'feces.' b"i'm getting nisus to replace it for my text editing." b'' b'-avery' 