b'' b"i thought i'd share a good experience, too. i bought the aps quantum zero" b"footprint drive in may (back when they still used two separate leds on the" b'front panel and the case was metal). while traveling with it (it was in my' b'se/30 mac bag, on top of the mac) this past winter, one of the plastic tabs' b'holding the front panel on broke, so that the right side of the front panel' b'was coming forward away from the rest of the drive. i lived with this situation' b'until it became completely intolerable (which more or less coincided with a' b'network shutdown at school and a trip out of town i had to take, which gave me' b'some dead time during which to have the drive sent out).' b'' b'i called aps for an rma and got one, with no questions asked about how the' b'tab got broken (it was handled a little roughly by airline baggage handlers b'though nothing else was damaged [well, except for the internal speaker in my' b"modem, which wasn't that well glued down to begin with] yeah, yeah, i'm" b'never flying with my se/30 again). and when i called back to ask whether i' b'could send it in a little later rather than right away, they had no problem' b'with that even when i exceeded the normal valid period for an rma by a' b"day (they're usually good for days). the front panel was replaced under" b'warranty, and the drive was shipped back quickly (i mailed it first class' b'insured on a saturday by noon from l.a. to missouri, and it came back by fed' b"ex by friday [i don't know exactly what day it came back because i was" b'traveling that week from wednesday afternoon to sunday afternoon]).' b'' b"the only thing that could've been bad was that the first service rep i talked" b'to, in an attempt to prevent jeopardizing my data, suggested that i take the' b'drive mechanism out and send just the case. unfortunately, i discovered the' b'day i was mailing the thing, that would necessitate breaking the little' b'seal and thus voiding the warranty! oh, well.' b'' b'al' 