b'' b'' b'this thread brings up the more general question. can any crypto' b'implementation for which highly publicly scrutinized source code is not' b'available ever be trusted?' b'' b'after ibm had invented the des and the nbs had advertised for proposals,' b'but before ibm had decided to respond, i argued strenuously that they' b'should not; they should keep it proprietary.' b'' b'the biggest proponent of proposing was dr. lewis branscomb. dr. branscomb' b'was the ibm chief scientist and had come to ibm from nbs. fortunately' b'for all of us, dr. branscomb understood the answer to the above question' b'much better than i. he realized how difficult it would be to gain' b'acceptance for any cryptographic mechanism. because of the necessary' b'complexity, publicity would not be sufficient and neither would' b'authority. in fact, it has taken both of those plus more than b'years.' b'' b'we have also had independence. the des was solicited by nbs, invented' b'and proposed by ibm, and vetted by nbs. it has also been examined and' b'vetted by experts like adi shamir, who are not subject to influence by' b'any of these.' b'' b'even now, there are still people posting on this list who do not trust' b'the des in spite of all the time, all of the analysis, and all of the' b'public scrutiny.' b'' b'(of course, it is just this point that nist misses when it attempts to' b'gain acceptance for a novel mechanism, developed in secret, on the basis' b'of authority alone.)' b'' b'we had a long thread here about whether or not the nsa can "break" the' b'des. that is a silly question. at some cost and in some time they' b'can "break" anything. the important question is at what cost and in' b'what time.' b'' b'the fundamental strength of the des and rsa are not nearly so important' b'as what we know about their strength. as long as we understand the' b'cost and duration for an attacker, then we can use them in a safe way.' b'at this point, we may never replace either because of the inability of' b'any successor to overcome this knowledge gap.' b'' b'des and rsa are among the most significant inventions of the century' b'and the most important inventions in the history of cryptography.' b'we are damned lucky to have them.' b'' b'william hugh murray, executive consultant, information system security' b'49 locust avenue, suite new canaan, connecticut b'1-0-att-0-700-wmurray; whmurray at dockmaster.ncsc.mil' 