b'' b'' b'call for papers' b'the internet society symposium on' b'network and distributed system security' b'' b'3-4 february catamaran hotel, san diego, california' b'' b'the symposium will bring together people who are building software and' b'hardware to provide network or distributed system security services.' b'the symposium is intended for those interested in practical aspects of' b'network and distributed system security, rather than in theory. symposium' b'proceedings will be published by the internet society. topics for the' b'symposium include, but are not limited to, the following:' b'' b'* design and implementation of services--access control, authentication,' b'availability, confidentiality, integrity, and non-repudiation' b'--including criteria for placing services at particular protocol' b'layers.' b'' b'* design and implementation of security mechanisms and support' b'services--encipherment and key management systems, authorization' b'and audit systems, and intrusion detection systems.' b'' b'* requirements and architectures for distributed applications and' b'network functions--message handling, file transport, remote' b'file access, directories, time synchronization, interactive' b'sessions, remote data base management and access, routing, voice and' b'video multicast and conferencing, news groups, network management,' b'boot services, mobile computing, and remote i/o.' b'' b'* special issues and problems in security architecture, such as' b'-- very large systems like the international internet, and' b'-- high-speed systems like the gigabit testbeds now being built.' b'' b'* interplay between security goals and other goals--efficiency,' b'reliability, interoperability, resource sharing, and low cost.' b'' b'general chair:' b'dan nessett, lawrence livermore national laboratory' b'' b'program chairs:' b'russ housley, xerox special information systems' b'rob shirey, the mitre corporation' b'' b'program committee:' b'dave balenson, trusted information systems' b'tom berson, anagram laboratories' b'matt bishop, dartmouth college' b'ed cain, u.s. defense information systems agency' b'jim ellis, cert coordination center' b'steve kent, bolt, beranek and newman' b'john linn, independent consultant' b'clifford neuman, information sciences institute' b'michael roe, cambridge university' b'rob rosenthal, u.s. national institute of standards and technology' b'jeff schiller, massachusetts institute of technology' b'ravi sandhu, george mason university' b'peter yee, u.s. national aeronautics and space administration' b'' b'submissions: the committee seeks both original technical papers and' b'proposals for panel discussions on technical and other topics of general' b'interest. technical papers should be pages in length. panels' b'should include three or four speakers. a panel proposal must name the' b'panel chair, include a one-page topic introduction authored by the chair,' b'and also include one-page position summaries authored by each speaker' b'both the technical papers and the panel papers will appear in the' b'proceedings.' b'' b'submissions must be made by august submissions should be made' b'via electronic mail to' b'' b'' b'submissions may be in either of two formats: ascii or postscript. if' b'the committee is unable to read a postscript submission, it will be' b'returned and ascii requested. therefore, postscript submissions should' b'arrive well before august. if electronic submission is absolutely' b'impossible, submissions should be sent via postal mail to' b'' b'robert w. shirey, mail stop z202' b'the mitre corporation' b'mclean, virginia usa' b'' b'all submissions must include both an internet electronic mail address and' b'a postal address. each submission will be acknowledged through the' b'medium by which it is received. if acknowledgment is not received within' b'mitre in mclean, b'' b'authors and panelists will be notified of acceptance by october b'instructions for preparing camera-ready copy for the proceedings will be' b'postal mailed at that time. the camera-ready copy must be received by' b'15 november 