b'' b'' b"i am postive someone will correct me if i am wrong, but doesn't the fifth" b'also cover not being forced to do actions that are self-incriminating?' b'' b'no, but they could compell you to produce the key to a safe where, as it' b'happens, evidence that will convict you is stored.' b'' b"the crypto-key disclosure issue hasn't come up yet, but current law" b"suggests that it's a loser for the defendant--he'll be compelled to turn" b'over the key.' b'' b'the test for compelled self-incrimination is whether the material to' b'be disclosed *in itself* tends to inculpate the discloser. in the example' b'i gave above, the safe key itself has no testimonial value--ergo, it can' b'be disclosed under compulsion (e.g., subpoena duces tecum).' b'' b'moreover, the government can always immunize the disclosure of a crypto' b'key--compelling you to disclose the key at the price of not using the fact' b'of your disclosure as evidence in the case against you. of course, they' b'can use whatever they discover as a result of this disclosure against' b'you.' b'--mike' b'' b'lets carry this one step further. suppose the text of the key is' b'in itself conclusive evidence of the same crime for which the' b'encrypted material is further evidence. i find myself envisaging a' b'scenario like this:' b'' b'you have made some scans of peanuts strips. you encrypt them. the key' b'is a phrase.' b'' b'the comic police haul you in. they seize your system. they find the' b'encrypted file.' b'' b'cp: "whats that file?"' b'' b'you: "i take the fifth."' b'' b'cp: "what\'s the keyphrase to that file?"' b'' b'you: "i take the fifth."' b'' b'judge: "you have to reveal the keyphrase" [i disagree, but i\'m not a judge.]' b'' b'you: "your honor, revealing the keyphrase, in it\'s own right, would' b'tend to incriminate me of breaking laws, independent of what' b'may or may not be in the encrypted file."' b'' b'judge: "i grant you immunity from whatever may be learned from the key' b'itself"' b'' b'you: "the keyphrase is: "i confess to deliberately evading copyright;' b'the file encoded with this keyphrase contains illegal scans of' b'copyrighted peanuts strips.""' b'' b'judge and cp: "oh."' b'' b"how will they get you now? i'm not saying that they won't, or" b"can't (or even that they shouldn't but what legal mechanism will" b'they use? should we be crossposting this to misc.legal?' b'' b'peter trei' b'' 