b'' b'i am eager to hear the legal theory behind restricting exchange of' b'cryptographic data and encrypted messages, given the first admendment;' b"the theory behind regulating the *personal* encryption of one's personal" b'*thoughts and feelings* seems even less tenable.' b'' b'perhaps if we make a *treaty* with, say, iceland, to restrict crypto' b'paraphernalia can a good "end run" around the constitution happen...' b'(treaties as someone pointed out has the force of any other "law of' b'the land". like the bill of rights.)' b'' b'' b'amendment b'' b'congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or' b'prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech,' b'or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to' b'petition the government for a redress of grievances.' b'' b'amendment b'' b'a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state,' b'the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.' b'' b'amendment b'' b'no soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the' b'consent of the owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed' b'by law.' b'' b'amendment b'' b'the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and' b'effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated,' b'and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or' b'affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the' b'persons or things to be seized.' b'' b'amendment b'' b'no person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous' b'crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury, except in' b'cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in' b'actual service in time of war or public danger; nor shall any person be' b'subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb;' b'nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against' b'himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process' b'of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just' b'compensation.' b'' b'' b'well at least for a few minutes we had some privacy...' b'--' b'' 