b'' b'[an article from comp.org.eff.news, effector online carl]' b'' b'april b'' b'initial eff analysis of clinton privacy and security' b'proposal' b'' b'the clinton administration today made a major announcement' b'on cryptography policy which will effect the privacy and security of' b'millions of americans. the first part of the plan is to begin a' b'comprehensive inquiry into major communications privacy issues' b'such as export controls which have effectively denied most people' b'easy access to robust encryption as well as law enforcement issues' b'posed by new technology.' b'' b'however, eff is very concerned that the administration has' b'already reached a conclusion on one critical part of the inquiry, before' b'any public comment or discussion has been allowed. apparently, the' b'administration is going to use its leverage to get all telephone' b'equipment vendors to adopt a voice encryption standard developed' b'by the national security agency. the so-called "clipper chip" is an' b'80-bit, split key escrowed encryption scheme which will be built into' b'chips manufactured by a military contractor. two separate escrow' b"agents would store users' keys, and be required to turn them over" b'law enforcement upon presentation of a valid warrant. the' b'encryption scheme used is to be classified, but they chips will be' b'available to any manufacturer for incorporation into their' b'communications products.' b'' b'this proposal raises a number of serious concerns b'' b'first, the administration appears to be adopting a solution' b'before conducting an inquiry. the nsa-developed clipper chip may' b'not be the most secure product. other vendors or developers may' b'have better schemes. furthermore, we should not rely on the' b'government as the sole source for clipper or any other chips. rather,' b'independent chip manufacturers should be able to produce chipsets' b'based on open standards.' b'' b'second, an algorithm can not be trusted unless it can be tested.' b'yet the administration proposes to keep the chip algorithm' b'classified. eff believes that any standard adopted ought to be public' b'and open. the public will only have confidence in the security of a' b'standard that is open to independent, expert scrutiny.' b'' b'third, while the use of the split-key, dual-escrowed' b'system may prove to be a reasonable balance between privacy and' b'law enforcement needs, the details of this scheme must be explored' b'publicly before it is adopted. what will give people confidence in the' b'safety of their keys? does disclosure of keys to a third party waive' b"individual's fifth amendment rights in subsequent criminal" b'inquiries?' b'' b'in sum, the administration has shown great sensitivity to the' b'importance of these issues by planning a comprehensive inquiry into' b'digital privacy and security. however, the "clipper chip" solution' b'ought to be considered as part of the inquiry, not be adopted before' b'the discussion even begins.' b'' b'details of the proposal:' b'' b'escrow' b'' b'the 80-bit key will be divided between two escrow agents, each of' b'whom hold bits of each key. upon presentation of a valid' b'warrant, the two escrow agents would have to turn the key parts' b'over to law enforcement agents. most likely the attorney general' b'will be asked to identify appropriate escrow agents. some in the' b'administration have suggested one non-law enforcement federal' b'agency, perhaps the federal reserve, and one non-governmental' b'organization. but, there is no agreement on the identity of the agents' b'yet.' b'' b'key registration would be done by the manufacturer of the' b'communications device. a key is tied to the device, not to the person' b'using it.' b'' b'classified algorithm and the possibility of back doors' b'' b'the administration claims that there are no back door means by' b'which the government or others could break the code without' b'securing keys from the escrow agents and that the president will' b'be told there are no back doors to this classified algorithm. in order' b'to prove this, administration sources are interested in arranging for' b'an all-star crypto cracker team to come in, under a security' b'arrangement, and examine the algorithm for trap doors. the results' b'of the investigation would then be made public.' b'' b'government as market driver' b'' b'in order to get a market moving, and to show that the government' b'believes in the security of this system, the feds will be the first big' b'customers for this product. users will include the fbi, secret service,' b'vp al gore, and maybe even the president.' b'' b'from more information contact:' b'' b'jerry berman, executive director' b'daniel j. weitzner, senior staff counsel' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'carl kadie i do not represent any organization; this is just me.' 