b'' b'getting the court order to reveal the key *also* makes decipherable' b'all *past* conversations (which may be on tape, or disk, or whatver),' b"as i understand the proposal. i could be wrong, but i've seen no" b'mention of "session keys" being the escrowed entities.' b'' b'true in theory. in practice? the technology of cellular phones will' b'probably be spread spectrum and quite difficult to record the crypttext' b'without the key. if the frequency path depends on they key, as i' b'understand it to, it *could* be made effectively impossible to record.' b'' b'once it hits land you can record it if you have telco access. the' b"telco isn't supposed to give that without a warrant. that's the rule" b'today.' b'' b'but even so, the evidence would not be admissible, i think, unless the' b'judge so ordered. i think that even interception of the crypttext' b"without a warrant would be illegal. cops can't record today's plain" b'cellular calls and then ask a judge, "hey, can we have permission to' b'listen to those tapes?" can they?' b'' b'worse, of course, if the government then uses this "clinton clipper"' b'to argue for restrictions on unapproved encryption. (this is the main' b"concern of most of us, i think. the camel's nose in the tent, etc.)" b'' b'yes, that is a major concern, but i think that they think they can' b"win just by having of the usa use this system. they don't even" b"have to care about the cautious that's left. they don't catch the" b'really smart crooks anyway. john gotti, who would have to be retarded' b'not to realize he was likely to be wiretapped, glibly chatted away' b"on his tapped phone about murder plans. that's why he's in jail now." b'hard to believe, but true.' b'' b'' b'this scheme can succeed without laws forbidding more, which people would' b'fight a lot harder. they like this enough that they are dropping the so' b'called "digital telephony" proposal, according to rumours. however the' b'meaning of that is complex, since they still want to get at the crypttext' b'on telco systems, and that requires a bit of work.' b'--' b'brad templeton, clarinet communications corp. sunnyvale, ca 