b'' b'archive-name: cryptography-faq/part02' b'last-modified: b'' b'' b'faq for sci.crypt, part net etiquette' b'' b'this is the second of ten parts of the sci.crypt faq. the parts are' b'mostly independent, but you should read the first part before the rest.' b"we don't have the time to send out missing parts by mail, so don't ask." b"notes such as ``[kah67]'' refer to the reference list in the last part." b'' b'the sections of this faq are available via anonymous ftp to rtfm.mit.edu' b'as /pub/usenet/news.answers/cryptography-faq/part[xx]. the cryptography' b'faq is posted to the newsgroups sci.crypt, sci.answers, and news.answers' b'every days.' b'' b'' b'contents:' b'' b"* what groups are around? what's a faq? who am i? why am i here?" b'* do political discussions belong in sci.crypt?' b'* how do i present a new encryption scheme in sci.crypt?' b'' b'' b"* what groups are around? what's a faq? who am i? why am i here?" b'' b'read news.announce.newusers and news.answers for a few weeks. always' b'make sure to read a newsgroup for some time before you post to it.' b"you'll be amazed how often the same question can be asked in the same" b"newsgroup. after a month you'll have a much better sense of what the" b'readers want to see.' b'' b'* do political discussions belong in sci.crypt?' b'' b'no. in fact some newsgroups (notably misc.legal.computing) were' b'created exactly so that political questions like ``should rsa be' b"patented?'' don't get in the way of technical discussions. many" b'sci.crypt readers also read misc.legal.computing, comp.org.eff.talk,' b'comp.patents, sci.math, comp.compression, et al.; for the benefit of' b"people who don't care about those other topics, try to put your" b'postings in the right group.' b'' b'questions about microfilm and smuggling and other non-cryptographic' b"``spy stuff'' don't belong in sci.crypt either." b'' b'* how do i present a new encryption scheme in sci.crypt?' b'' b"``i just came up with this neat method of encryption. here's some" b'doubt questions like this are the most annoying traffic on sci.crypt.' b'' b'if you have come up with an encryption scheme, providing some' b'ciphertext from it is not adequate. nobody has ever been impressed by' b'random gibberish. any new algorithm should be secure even if the' b'opponent knows the full algorithm (including how any message key is' b'distributed) and only the private key is kept secret. there are some' b'systematic and unsystematic ways to take reasonably long ciphertexts' b'and decrypt them even without prior knowledge of the algorithm, but' b'this is a time-consuming and possibly fruitless exercise which most' b"sci.crypt readers won't bother with." b'' b'so what do you do if you have a new encryption scheme? first of all,' b"find out if it's really new. look through this faq for references and" b'related methods. familiarize yourself with the literature and the' b'introductory textbooks.' b'' b'when you can appreciate how your cryptosystem fits into the world at' b"large, try to break it yourself! you shouldn't waste the time of tens" b'of thousands of readers asking a question which you could have easily' b'answered on your own.' b'' b'if you really think your system is secure, and you want to get some' b'reassurance from experts, you might try posting full details of your' b'system, including working code and a solid theoretical explanation, to' b'sci.crypt. (keep in mind that the export of cryptography is regulated' b'in some areas.)' b'' b"if you're lucky an expert might take some interest in what you posted." b'you can encourage this by offering cash rewards---for instance, noted' b'cryptographer ralph merkle is offering to anyone who can break' b"snefru-4---but there are no guarantees. if you don't have enough" b'experience, then most likely any experts who look at your system will' b"be able to find a flaw. if this happens, it's your responsibility to" b'consider the flaw and learn from it, rather than just add one more' b'layer of complication and come back for another round.' b'' b'a different way to get your cryptosystem reviewed is to have the nsa' b'look at it. a full discussion of this procedure is outside the scope' b'of this faq.' b'' b'among professionals, a common rule of thumb is that if you want to' b'design a cryptosystem, you have to have experience as a cryptanalyst.' 