b'' b"this announcement is somewhat disconcerting; it doesn't do anything" b'evil in and of itself, but bodes badly for the future of open' b"algorithms and standards in information security. i won't start" b'panicking until/unless des or rsa or stuff like that is prohibited, but' b"i'm a little anxious. (no doubt it won't be long before someone posts" b'explaining how this just a small part of some far-ranging and' b'long-lived nsa-pkp-irs-fbi-cia-handguncontrolinc-clinton conspiracy to' b'subvert freedom, democracy, and mathematics.) my feeling is that the' b"administration probably isn't that worried about things like des and" b"rsa and pgp and ripem, since they'll never be used by a group much" b'wider than us computer geeks.' b'' b'the fact that this just came out now suggests one of two things:' b'' b'1. the nsa has been working on this for a long time, and it only just' b"now happened to be ``ready'' to release to the world at this time." b'' b"2. the nsa has been working on this for a long time, but wasn't able" b'to get the bush administration to go along with this plan. (i' b'find it unlikely that this would have been because of a sympathy' b'for the unescrowed use of cryptography; more likely the' b'administration felt that even escrowed, secret-algorithm and, for' b'all we know, trivially breakable cryptography should not be made' b'widely available.)' b'' b'this new technology will help companies protect proprietary' b'information, protect the privacy of personal phone conversations' b'and prevent unauthorized release of data transmitted' b'electronically. at the same time this technology preserves the' b'ability of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies to' b'intercept lawfully the phone conversations of criminals.' b'' b'the majority of the discussion involving this "clipper chip" seems to' b'pertain to the encryption of telephone conversations. does anyone' b'know if that means this chip is designed to work primarily with analog' b"signals? the language sort of suggests this, but it's hard to say." b'' b"the main thing i just don't get is whether this chip implements" b'symmetric or asymmetric cryptographic techniques. anybody know?' b'' b"i'm guessing symmetric, but they don't get very clear about it. if it" b'is symmetric, how is it useful for anything other than link-level' b'encryption with an identical chip at each end? how can you negotiate' b'a per-session key using symmetric cryptography without using a trusted' b'third party who knows your key? (or does it even use a per-session' b'key?)' b'' b"if it's asymmetric, what about pkp's patents, which they claim cover" b'all methods of doing asymmetric cryptography? are they getting' b'royalties, or is hiding infringement the real reason for keeping the' b'algorithm secret? b'--' b"kirk: i won't hurt you." b'alien: you hit me!' b"kirk: well, i won't hit you again." 