b'' b"i'd *desparately* prefer it if we didn't rehash the same arguments" b"that went on ad infinitum last time. that's especially true for" b"sci.crypt. for that matter, i've created alt.privacy.clipper, since" b'the traffic is appearing in *many* different groups right now.' b'' b"i'm going to focus here on some technical aspects of the plan, hence my" b"followup to sci.crypt. frankly, if you're not an absolutist, your" b'feelings may turn on some of these issues. for example with an' b'80-bit key, simply splitting it into two 40-bit pieces is much less' b'acceptable than other schemes, because it means that if just one' b'repository is, shall we say, overly pliable, a would-be eavesdropper' b'would need to recover just more bits of key. i need not point out' b"in this newsgroup that that's pretty easy to do by exhaustive search." b'a slightly more complex scheme xor-ing the key with a random number,' b'and then with its complement would produce two 80-bit subkeys,' b'neither of which is useful alone. that variant is much more resistant' b'to attack. clearly, one can get even more sophisticated, to protect' b'the subkeys even more.' b'' b'other thoughts... some people have noted the size and complexity of' b'the databases necessary. but the id strings the phones emit could be' b"their back door key, double-encrypted with the escrow repositories'" b'public keys. for that matter, they could do that only with session' b'keys, and have no back door at all. in that case, the fbi would have' b'to bring every intercept to the repositories to be decrypted. this' b'would answer many of the objections along the lines of ``how do you' b"make sure they stop''." b'' b'we can even combine that with a variant of the digital telephony back' b'door have the switch do the tap, but with a digitally-signed record' b'of the time, phone number, etc, of the call. that provides proof to' b'the escrow agents that the tap was done in compliance with the terms of' b'the warrant.' b'' b'i can suggest other variations, too. suppose each clipper chip had b"public key pairs. each would be used times, after which you'd need" b'more keying material. (not a bad idea in any event.) this could be' b'used to enforce time limits, or rather, usage limits, on each warrant;' b"the keys the repository agents would deliver wouldn't last for very" b'long.' b'' b'i suspect that the cryptographic algorithm itself is secure. apart from' b"the obvious why push a weak algorithm when you've already got the" b'back door? i think that the government is still genuinely concerned' b'about foreign espionage, especially aimed at commercial targets. this' b"scheme lets the spooks have their cake and eat it, too. (i've heard" b'rumors, over the years, that some factions within nsa were unhappy with' b"des because it was too good. not that they couldn't crack it, but it" b"was much too expensive to do so as easily as they'd want.) they're keeping" b"the details secret so that others don't build their own implementations" b'without the back door.' b'' b'the cryptographic protocol, though, is another matter. i see no valid' b"reasons for keeping it secret, and as i hope i've shown above there" b"are a lot of ways to do things that aren't (quite) as bad." 