b'' b'' b"though some may argue about the nose of the camel, it's worth noting that" b'the government proposal is limited to scrambled telephony. if it is only' b'used for that purpose, and does not extend to electronic mail or file' b'encryption, then it is an improvement over the current mass-produced' b'standard civilian technology which, with a few exceptions, is limited to' b'easy-to-break inverters.' b'' b'note that the big issue for the feds is the continued ability to wiretap.' b'before we go off the deep end with long discusions about secure crypto for' b"e-mail and files, let's focus on this." b'' b'one question that was not asked in the release is whether this proposal is' b'limited to telephony, or if the government intends to expand it.' b'' b'though i share many of the concerns expressed by some, i find the proposal' b'less threatening than many others, since right now most americans have no' b'secure telephony, and any jerk with a pair of clip leads and a "goat" can' b'eavesdrop. this would also plug up the security hole in cellular and' b'cordless phones.' b'' b'-------' b'' b'reading between the lines, i infer that the system is highly secure' b'without access to the keys. this would meet the needs of u.s. businesses' b'confronted by rich and powerful adversaries, including french and japanese' b'security services and rich japanese companies. it allows the nsa to make' b'available some of its better stuff while protecting law enforcement needs.' b'' b'most legitimate u.s. corporations trust the nsa, and would be delighted to' b'have a high-security system certified by them, even at the price of' b'depositing keys in escrow. i see no difficulty in creating a reliable' b'escrow. corporations entrust their secrets to attorneys every day of the' b'week, and that system has worked pretty well.' b'' b'from my point of view this is a fair starting point. there are concerns that' b'need to be addressed, including the reliability of the escrows. but in' b'return we get access to high-security crypto. many have suggested that des' b'and other systems may be breakable by the nsa and hence others similarly' b'skilled and endowed. there is at least a good possibility (which should be' b"checked) that the proposed system is not so breakable. it doesn't have to" b'be, nor does it have to have trapdoors, if the government can get the keys' b'pursuant to a legitimate court order. thus they can protect legitimate' b'communications against economic adversaries, while still being able to' b'eavesdrop on crooks pursuant to a court order.' b'' b'let me ask you this. would you trust richard nixon with your' b"crypto keys? i wouldn't." b'' b'doug holland' b'' b'' 