b'' b'i received the following two notes from martin hellman with details' b'on how clipper will work. they are posted with his permission. the' b'implications of some details are fascinating.' b'' b'-------' b'date: sat, apr pdt' b'to: (a long list of recipients)' b'' b'' b"most of you have seen the announcement in friday's ny times," b'etc. about nist (national institute of standards technology)' b'announcing the "clipper chip" crypto device. several messges' b'on the net have asked for more technical details, and some have' b'been laboring under understandable misunderstandings given' b'the lack of details in the news articles. so here to help out' b'is your friendly nsa link: me. i was somewhat surprised friday' b'to get a call from the agency which supplied many of the missing' b'details. i was told the info was public, so here it is (the cc of this' b'to dennis branstad at nist is mostly as a double check on my' b'facts since i assume he is aware of all this; please let me know' b'if i have anything wrong):' b'' b'the clipper chip will have a secret crypto algorithm embedded in' b'silicon. each chip will have two secret, 80-bit keys. one will be the' b'same for all chips (ie a system-wide key) and the other will be unit' b"specific. i don't know what nist and nsa will call them, but i will" b'call them the system key sk and unit key uk in this message.' b'the ic will be designed to be extremely difficult to reverse so' b'that the system key can be kept secret. (aside: it is clear that' b'they also want to keep the algorithm secret and, in my opinion,' b'it may be as much for that as this stated purpose.) the unit key' b'will be generated as the xor of two 80-bit random numbers k1' b'and k2 (uk=k1+k2) which will be kept by the two escrow' b'authorities. who these escrow authorities will be is still to be' b'decided by the attorney general, but it was stressed to me that' b'they will not be nsa or law enforcement agencies, that they' b'must be parties acceptable to the users of the system as unbiased.' b'when a law enforcement agency gets a court order, they will' b'present it to these two escrow authorities and receive k1 and' b'k2, thereby allowing access to the unit key uk.' b'' b'in addition to the system key, each user will get to choose his' b'or her own key and change it as often as desired. call this key' b'plain old k. when a message is to be sent it will first be' b'encrypted under k, then k will be encrypted under the unit key uk,' b'and the serial number of the unit added to produce a three part' b'message which will then be encrypted under the system key sk' b'producing' b'' b'e{ e[m; k], e[k; uk], serial number; sk}' b'' b'when a court order obtains k1 and k2, and thence k, the law' b'enforcement agency will use sk to decrypt all information' b'flowing on the suspected link [aside: it is my guess that' b'they may do this constantly on all links, with or without a' b'court order, since it is almost impossible to tell which links' b'over which a message will flow.] this gives the agency access to' b'' b'e[m; k], e[k; uk], serial number' b'' b'in the above message. they then check the serial number' b'of the unit and see if it is on the "watch list" for which they' b'have a court order. if so, they will decrypt e[k; uk] to obtain k,' b'and then decrypt e[m; k] to obtain m.' b'' b'i am still in the process of assessing this scheme, so please do' b'not take the above as any kind of endorsement of the proposed' b'scheme. all i am trying to do is help all of us assess the scheme' b'more knowledgably. but i will say that the need for just one court' b'order worries me. i would feel more comfortable (though not' b'necessarily comfortable!) if two separate court orders were' b'needed, one per escrow authority. while no explanation is' b'needed, the following story adds some color: in researching' b'some ideas that silvio micali and i have been kicking around,' b'i spoke with gerald gunther, the constitutional law expert' b'here at stanford and he related the following story: when' b"edward levi became pres. ford's attorney general (right" b'after watergate), he was visited by an fbi agent asking' b'for "the wiretap authorizations." when levy asked for' b'the details so he could review the cases as required by' b'law, the agent told him that his predecessors just turned' b'over blank, signed forms every time. levi did not' b'comply and changed the system, but the lesson is clear:' b'no single person or authority should have the power to' b'authorize wiretaps (or worse yet, divulging of personal' b'keys). sometimes he or she will be an edward levi' b'and sometimes a john mitchell.' b'' b'martin hellman' b'' b'----' b'' b'date: sun, apr pdt' b'' b'it is fine to post my previous message to sci.crypt' b'if you also post this message with it in which:' b'' b'1. i ask recipients to be sparse in their requesting further info' b'from me or asking for comments on specific questions. by' b'this posting i apologize for any messages i am unable to' b'respond to. (i already spend too much time answering too much' b'e-mail and am particularly overloaded this week with other' b'responsibilities.)' b'' b'2. i note a probably correction sent to me by dorothy denning.' b'she met with the person from nsa that' b'i talked with by phone, so her understanding is likely to' b'better than mine on this point: where i said the transmitted' b'info is e{ e[m; k], e[k; uk], serial number; sk}' b'she says the message is not double encrypted. the system' b'key (or family key as she was told it is called) only encrypts' b'the serial number or the serial number and the encrypted' b'unit key. this is not a major difference, but i thought it' b'should be mentioned and thank her for bringing it to' b'my attention. it makes more sense since it cuts down' b'on encryption computation overhead.' 