b'' b'' b'there are some issues which come to mind when one considers' b'the law enforcement aspects of the use of the big brother' b'(clipper) chip.' b"the drug dealers and terrorists aren't going to let" b'themselves be caught by using this type of encryption. in b'the new york times reported that government investigators broke' b'up a narcotics ring that was operating highly sophisticated' b'equipment capable of allowing the leaders of the ring to' b'eavesdrop on the law-enforcement agents who were trying to arrest' b'them.' b'a mr. deely, an nsa official, said "there are a lot of' b'medium-sized countries that would have been proud to have the' b'signals intelligence operation of this group."' b'for every john gotti there are probably many more people who' b'have the sophistication to know what the risks of unsecure' b'communications are. the press given to the big brother chip will' b'only increase their numbers.' b'even if there is some benefit to law-enforcement through the' b'use of big brother, it must be weighed against the constitutional' b'and civil liberties questions involved.' b'for example, in some areas of the world torture is used as' b'an investigative tool by the local "law-enforcement" people. i' b'suspect it is an effective means of obtaining information and' b'shortening many investigations. it probably also helps keep the' b'conviction rate high.' b'the fact that the torture tool is not used in this country' b'(even with a court order obtained by showing "probable cause") is' b'because we have rightly balanced the questions of expediency and' b'what is ethically and morally right.' b'i think that the same question of expediency versus morality' b'should come into play when considering the use of big brother. i' b'vote for morality.' b'i am quite disturbed by what i interpret as a veiled threat' b'to prohibit the use of all encryption if this big brother chip is' b'not put into wide spread use. after a quick reading of the white' b'house press release i came away with that impression.' b'to most of the american public, the word "hacker" has' b'rightly or wrongly come to mean "high tech adolescent vandal".' b'it has struck me that most of the people posting to sci.crypt' b'regarding this issue are intelligent, thoughtful individuals who' b'have genuine concerns about the privacy and constitutional issues' b'surrounding big brother. i hope that the use of big brother does' b'not become mandatory and other encryption become illegal. i' b'would hate to see this become some kind of high tech volstead' b'act.' b'the high speed digital communications revolution is coming' b'at us with the speed of an sst. the times they are a changing,' b"and just as ibm is learning that they can't do business the same" b'way they have done it for the past years, maybe nsa should' b'evaluate another approach.' b'eff, who have correctly questioned the cryptographic' b'strength of big brother, may need to send a stronger message out' b'regarding the constitutional issues involved.' b'al gore may want to think this one through a little more.' b'and as for dorothy elizabeth robling denning: en quoi cela' b'vous concerne, cheri?' 