b'' b'' b'also.. how about a box that you plug your phone into, which would allow' b'encrypted voice communications with someone who has a similar box?' b'(digitizing input speech, transmitting, and decrypting on the other end). i' b"don't know how a public-key system could work in this regard, but it might" b'[...]' b'' b'heh heh... i posted this just before reading all the clinton chip messages..' b'i guess they beat me to it.. anyway, i think it would be a great idea to' b'develop such a product, perhaps in the underground, as it would otherwise' b'probably become illegal pretty quickly here...' b'' b"it's really very feasible and shouldn't be too expensive all that's needed" b'is a box with a phone jack on one side, a dsp in the middle to do codec' b'functions of speech-compressed bytestream, and an rs232 on the other side.' b'' b"you'd plug your phone into it, plug the rs232 into your computer, and have" b'a good old fashioned normal modem on your other rs232 port. the cpu in the' b'middle would do the encryption with a version of pgp modified to work on' b'a byte stream.' b'' b'with v32bis or better modems to carry the bytestream, it should work.' b'quality would only be marginally lower than a normal telephone.' b'' b'at the very highest price, you could use one of those voice-mail compatible' b'modems to do the digitisation that puts an upper bound of about on' b'the cost of such a box. in practice, you really ought to be able to get' b'the price well below i could do it now in software on my cheap&nasty' b'home risc box (acorn archimedes) with the digitising microphone i bought' b'for pounds, if i knew how to write good speech compression software' b"(which i don't)." b'' b"the reason it won't work of course is that hardly anyone will have one b'the only consumer equipment to have encryption will use the wiretap chip.' b"economics, i'm afraid." b'' b'however... we can get about 2kcps throughput on the internet even with' b'the bottleneck of a v32bis modem. when we get isdn for all (ha ha ha)' b'and the new nren, it might then be trivial to run compressed speech' b'over a tcp/ip connection on the internet. perhaps we should start' b'thinking now of a standard to keep voice on the internet compatible' b'for everyone, and side-step the clipper stuff and use internet for' b'all our phone calls in future joking]' b'' b'g' 