b'' b' if the gov establishes a cryptography standard that has to be used by' b" everyone, and everyone's personal key is divided into two segments" b' and stored at two separate, albeit easy to find places, and that key is' b' only bits to begin with, we are screwed (pardon the allusion to the' b' affore-mentioned article)!' b'' b' the gov, i believe, as do many others probably already have the cracking chips' b' for this clipper chip made. hell, they probably based the encoder on the' b" chip that cracks it, that way it's easier to break the code, but since it is a" b' classified algorythm, no one knows that they can crack it so easily.' b'' b'agreed. no agency such as the nsa (or whoever) would approve the public' b"release of a crypto-system, if they didn't already have the technical" b'means or the know-how to decrypt everything at their whim. surely the whole' b'point of all this madness is to make joe public think that his/her' b'communications will be kept safe, while james bond at the nsa can, if need' b"be, have full, decrypted access to someone's communications? that'll be" b'quite a heist, if they can pull it off.' b'' b'' b'i thought that the us government were going to release the algorithm to a' b'panel of "carefully chosen experts", who would then "study it deeply, and' b'report their findings"? exactly who will these people be? academics? or' b'government-sponsored researchers? tiny-toons?' b'' b' i, for one, and quite scared of this kind of thing, and plan to support' b' organizations (and even disorganizations) who are fighting against this' b' clipper chip in any way that i can.' b'' b"i can only hope that the same sort of thing doesn't start filtering over" b'into the ears of the uk government, and if the european parliament gets' b'wind of it, well, we can kiss goodbye to any form of democracy in europe' b'at all.' b'' b' i do not want the government to be able to have access, even with a search' b" warrant, to my keys... and i don't want those keys to be only bits long" b' to begin with!' b'' b'hallelujah! b'--' b'rick m. tait bell northern research europe' b'tel: fax: network management systems' b'<pgp public key available on request new southgate, london. uk' 