b'' b"( below is my response to dr. denning's letter to steven bellovin. comments" b'are invited. paul b'' b'in alt.privacy.clipper, steve bellovin posted your message to' b'him, which included a brief passage concerning selection of agencies' b'as escrow agencies.' b'' b'i am glad to see that the proposal as written states that the escrow' b"agencies won't be law enforcement agencies. i would argue, however," b"that *one* of the escrow agencies shouldn't be federal at all." b'' b'as a private citizen, i would feel much more "secure in my person and' b'papers" knowing that an organization committed to individual civil' b'liberties- the aclu and the nra come to mind- was safeguarding half of' b'my key. both the aclu and the nra are resistent to government pressure' b'by the simple expedient fact that they are not supported, funded, or' b'overtly controlled by the government.' b'' b'of those federal and federally funded candidate agencies that you' b'mentioned, i have the following comments:' b'' b'- sri, rand, mitre, and national labs: i agree that they have' b'great experience safeguarding sensitive information. i am not' b'convinced that they would adequately safeguard _this_' b"information, since in any case requiring disclosure, there's" b'likely to be sigificant pressure for disclosure- possibly' b'*wrongful* disclosure.' b'' b'- gao: perhaps. i would like to see more concrete evidence of' b'their fidelity and ability.' b'' b"- *treasury*? surely you're joking. perhaps you'd ask batf" b'to safeguard keys. maybe the federal reserve would be a' b'better choice.' b'' b'ever since last fall\'s "trial balloon" was posted in sci.crypt, your' b'name has been synonymous with those who place a great deal of trust in' b'the ability of government agencies and agents to act within the law.' b'' b'i agree with you in part: those agencies and agents *almost always*' b'act properly. however, there have been enough cases where _sworn' b'agents of the federal government_ have acted wrongly to make me feel' b'that having two federal agencies as key repositories is unacceptable.' b'' b'' b'respectfully,' b'-paul robichaux' b'(not speaking for nti, bcss, or nasa)' b'' b'' b'--' b'paul robichaux, kd4jzg help stop the big brother chip!' b'nti mission software development div. ripem key on request.' 