b'' b'' b'further, the attorney general' b'shall utilize funds from the department of justice asset forfeiture' b'super surplus fund to effect this purchase.' b'' b'talk about adding insult to injury b'' b'i, for one, believe that the use of civil forfeiture should be abolished by' b'a decent administration, not continued. instead, it looks like that' b'ill-gotten gain will be used to help pay for wiretap equipment.' b'' b'i wholeheartedly agree. knowing that we have let our law enforcement agencies' b'seize our property against the fifth amendment of our constitution tells me that' b'we are absolving ourselves of our responsibility for self-governance. we have' b'to take our government back from the self-serving politicians who create laws' b'and rules only to better their positions within the government. we have allowed' b'them to take too much power from the people of this nation. that situation has' b'to be changed.' b'' b'allowing the law enforcement agencies to use the seized property to pay-off drug' b'informants who lie and continue to deal in drugs is tantamount to making a pact' b"with the devil himself. it's a vicious cycle. the law enforcement agencies are" b'motivated to seize property to fund their own activities. and having no easy' b'way for the citizen to regain the property intact once taken gives even more' b'incentive for the agencies to take property.' b'' b"it's also interesting to note that two months ago rush limbaugh said that" b'clinton would have the "plumbers" out in force shortly. clinton and his' b'henchmen firmly believe in strong ubiquitous government control. anytime a' b'leader believes in that, the leader will use every means possible to retain that' b'control and take more.' b'' b'we have to take our government back. otherwise we will end up living in the' b'equivalent of a high-tech third world dictatorship. we have to take' b'responsibility for ourselves, our personal welfare, and our actions.' b'' b'__ paul j. olson vax systems manager resident amiga addict' b'c= voice b'__ decnet- charon::paul' b'\\xx/ disclaimer: statements in my messages are wholely my own.' b'amiga "ignorance is a renewable resource." p.j. o\'rourke' 