b'' b'since the wiretap chip is being distributed internationally,' b'allowing the u.s. government to spy on foreign governments,' b'companies and people as as well as to wiretap domestic citizens,' b'this is a world-wide issue. please put distribution: world on the' b'distrubution: line. thank you.' b'' b'' b'however assuming that i can still encrypt things as i please, who' b'cares about the clipper chip?' b'' b"you don't care that people are being lied to, fooled into believing" b'the chip gives "privacy" when it fact it allows wiretaps? you' b"don't give a shit about anybody's privacy except your own? (and" b"not even your own; are you so smart that you know when you're talking to" b'somebody who has a wiretap chip on their phone instead of a privacy' b'chip with private keys?)' b'' b'attitude that everyone else should have. instead of worrying about a' b'clipper chip, simply connect your handset to your computer and feed' b'the voice single through, process, encrypt, and transmit over the' b'phone. the guy on the other hand then does the same in reverse.' b'' b'"simply?" "everyone" should have this attitude? the only people' b'who can have this attitude are the most hard-core' b'computer hackers, who never make phone calls away from their' b'computer, who apparently never call anybody except another computer' b'hacker, or perhaps another spook (u.s. classified agents refuse to use' b'their own system, only oblivious civilian dupes get that dubious privilege).' b'only spooks and hard-core hackers need privacy, huh?' b'' b'we *do* need an alternative to nsa-bugged telephones, but' b"we're talking inexpensive *telephones* here, including hand-sized" b'cellulars, that need strong crypto, real privacy. make-shift' b'computer hacker rigs that require living by your computer to' b"talk privately over the phone are just a dumb stunt that doesn't" b"do anything for anybody's privacy in the real world." b'' b'what we need is a true *privacy chip*. for example, a real-time' b'voice-encryption rsa, put it into a silicon compiler and spit out asic.' b'put this chip on the market as a de facto standard for international' b'business, diplomats, and private communications. if the u.s. bans' b'it, we make it somewhere else and import it. the japanese, german,' b"dutch, taiwanese, korean, etc. electronics companies don't want the" b'nsa spying on them. u.s. workers lose more jobs to government fascist' b'stupidity.' b'' 