b'' b'' b'' b'each chip includes the following components:' b'' b'the skipjack encryption algorithm' b'f, an 80-bit family key that is common to all chips' b'n, a 30-bit serial number' b'u, an 80-bit secret key that unlocks all messages encrypted with the chip' b'' b'hmmm. a thirty bit serial number. and, we are told, the unit key u is' b'derived deterministically from this serial number. that means that' b'there are only one billion possible unit keys.' b'' b'to generate the unit key for a serial number n, the 30-bit value n is' b'first padded with a fixed 34-bit block to produce a 64-bit block n1.' b's1 and s2 are then used as keys to triple-encrypt n1, producing a' b'64-bit block r1:' b'' b'r1 e[d[e[n1; s1]; s2]; s1] b'' b'similarly, n is padded with two other 34-bit blocks to produce n2 and' b'n3, and two additional 64-bit blocks r2 and r3 are computed:' b'' b'r2 e[d[e[n2; s1]; s2]; s1]' b'r3 e[d[e[n3; s1]; s2]; s1] b'' b'r1, r2, and r3 are then concatenated together, giving bits. the' b'first bits are assigned to u1 and the second bits to u2. the' b'rest are discarded. the unit key u is the xor of u1 and u2. u1 and u2' b'are the key parts that are separately escrowed with the two escrow' b'agencies.' b'' b'hmmm. we must assume that generating the unit key u from the serial' b'number n rather than generating it from a randomly selected u1 and u2' b'is an intentional way of assuring a "fail safe" for the government b'u is completedly determined given s1, s2 and n. if s1 and s2 do not' b'change they constitute effective "master keys" (along with f), the' b'theft of which (or the possession of which by various authorities)' b'completely obviates the security of the system. however, more' b'interestingly, we know, for a fact that if s1 and s2 are fixed no' b'matter what the keyspace for u is no more than why not pick u1' b'and u2 at random? why this interesting restriction of they key space' b'if it not to provide an additional back door?' b'' b'i find it disturbing that at the very best my security is dependant on' b'approximately bytes worth of information that could be written on' b'the back of a napkin.' b'' b'even if s1 and s2 change periodically, the rationale behind this' b'restriction in the size of the keyspace seems strange if one is' b'assuming that the goal is security and makes perfect sense if the' b'goal is an illusion of security.' b'' b'if s1 and s2 do not change, even if they remain secret i wonder if' b'they can somehow be back-derived given enough unit key/serial number' b'pairs. we are assured that this cannot happen but no one' b'understands how skipjack works outside of government officials and,' b'soon, foreign intelligence services that gain the information via' b'espionage. presumably we will eventually have the information as well' b'-- reverse engineering gets more and more advanced every year but' b'by the time we know it may be too late.' b'' b'as a sequence of values for u1, u2, and u are generated, they are' b'written onto three separate floppy disks. the first disk contains a' b'file for each serial number that contains the corresponding key part' b'u1. the second disk is similar but contains the u2 values. the third' b'disk contains the unit keys u. agent takes the first disk and agent' b'2 takes the second disk. the third disk is used to program the chips.' b'after the chips are programmed, all information is discarded from the' b'vault and the agents leave. the laptop may be destroyed for additional' b'assurance that no information is left behind.' b'' b'none of this makes me feel the least bit secure. the silly notion of' b'"destroying the laptop" appears to be yet another bizarre distraction.' b"we all know that you can't read data from dram that has been turned" b"off for more than a few moments. on the other hand, what we don't know" b'is why there is a need to generate the unit keys from s1 and s2 in the' b"first place other than to weaken the system. we don't know if the" b'agents in question would resist a million in cash a piece for their' b'information its probably worth hundreds of million, so you can make' b'the bribe arbitrarily hard to resist. and to tell you the truth, doing' b'this in a "vault" rather than in joe random tempest-shielded room' b'with a laptop computer seems like melodrama designed to make' b'high-school dropouts from peoria impressed but it does very little' b'for most of the rest of us.' b'' b'the protocol may be changed slightly so that four people are in the' b'room instead of two. the first two would provide the seeds s1 and s2,' b'and the second two (the escrow agents) would take the disks back to' b'the escrow agencies.' b'' b'what would this provide? lets say the escrow agencies are the aclu and' b'the nra and their agents personally take back the disks and are always' b'honest. who cares? the nsa must be laughing out loud, because they' b"have the algorithm to regenerate u given n and likely don't need to" b'steal they keys as they effectively already have them.' b'' b'--' b'--' b'laissez faire, laissez passer. le monde va de lui meme.' 