b'' b'this is the file bignums.txt from ripem.msu.edu, last updated april b'' b'in response to email requests, i have assembled this list of' b'large-integer arithmetic packages of which i have heard.' b'most of these are c function libraries, available in source form.' b'' b'for your convenience, i have placed copies of' b'some of these on ripem.msu.edu they are' b'available for anonymous ftp in the directory "pub/bignum".' b'however, what i have may not be the most current version in all cases.' b'' b'here they are, in no particular order:' b'' b'mp' b'multiple precision package that comes with some unixes' b'' b'multiple precision package accessed via -lmp flag on your' b'compiler. provides gcd, exponentiation,' b'sqrt. comes with sunos, next mach, bbn mach b'and probably a few others. see "man mp".' b'object code only, of course.' b'' b'pari' b'henri cohen, et al., universite bordeaux i, paris, france' b'' b'multiple precision desk calculator and library routines.' b'contains optimized assembly code for motorola b'semi-optimized code for sparc, and apparently rather slow' b'generic c version. does both integers and reals.' b'does vectors and matrices as well as scalars.' b"contains a number of advanced functions, some of which i've" b'never heard of. ("weber\'s function"?)' b'has a factorization function, primality test, other related stuff.' b'plenty of tex documentation.' b"public domain, but you can't distribute modified versions." b'available via anonymous ftp from math.ucla.edu. there seem to' b'be mac- and next-specific versions there in addition to:' b'filename: pari-1.35a.tar.z' b'' b'arithmetic in global fields (arith)' b'kevin r. coombes, david r. grant' b'' b'package of routines for arbitrary precision integers or' b'polynomials over finite fields. includes basic b'and a few others like gcd. source code in c.' b'distributed under the terms of the gnu public license.' b'includes man pages and tex documentation.' b'filename: arith.tar.z' b'' b'arbitrary precision math library' b'lloyd zusman los gatos, ca' b'' b'c package which supports basic provides for radix' b'points (i.e., non-integers). not as polished as the others here.' b'posted to comp.sources.misc in october b'filename: apml.tar.z' b'' b'bignum' b'j. vuillemin, inria, france, and others.' b'distributed by digital equipment paris research lab (decprl)' b'' b'a "portable and efficient arbitrary-precision integer" package.' b'c code, with generic c "kernel", plus assembly "kernels" for' b'mc680x0, intel i960, mips, ns32032, pyramid, and of course vax.' b'this is probably one of the better-known packages of this type.' b'implements mod, plus logical operations or, and, xor.' b'both signed and unsigned arithmetic available.' b'you will receive shell archives. give your postal address' b'and you will also receive printed documentation from france.' b'package includes tex documentation.' b'publicly available for non-commercial use.' b'i removed this from my archive when i heard a rumor that prl' b"doesn't like others to distribute it. however, bignum *is*" b'distributed as part of ecpp (see below).' b'' b"lenstra's package" b'arjen lenstra bellcore' b'' b'portable unsigned integer package written entirely in c.' b'includes exponentiation, mod, primality testing,' b'sqrt, random number generator, and a few others. the package' b'was uncommented and undocumented; i have tried to add enough' b'comments to get by. this is the only of these packages that i' b'have actually used. it works well and is very portable.' b"i haven't done any benchmarks against the others, but the code" b'looks clever lenstra is an accomplished number theorist.' b'unlike the other packages here, this one requires you to allocate' b'storage statically--only a problem if your numbers are really huge.' b'arjen has placed the code in the public domain.' b'filename: lenstra.tar.z' b'' b'lenstra_3.1' b'arjen lenstra, bellcore' b'' b"an improved version of arjen's package above. this one" b'does signed arithmetic and dynamic allocation (which can be turned' b'off as an option). has a few new routines, too. "lenstra_3.1" contains' b'minor bugfixes to the previously-available "lenstra_2" and "lenstra_3".' b'filename: lenstra_3.1.c' b'' b"bmp (brent's multiple precision?)" b'r. p. brent' b'' b'1981 vintage fortran code to do extended precision floating b'fixed point arithmetic. includes most of the mathematical' b"functions you'd find in a fortran run-time library." b'this code is an acm algorithm, number b'containing the line "send mp.f from bmp" or better yet, perhaps' b'just start with "help".' b'' b'spx' b'kannan alagappan joseph tardo, dec' b'' b'this is a huge prototype public key authentication system' b'based on rsa. i mention it here because those who have heard' b'of spx have probably correctly guessed that it contains a large' b'integer package and i want to inform you that the large integer' b"package it contains is indeed dec's bignum from france." b'you can get a beta test copy of spx from crl.dec.com b'use it only for testing, as it "may" expire on a certain date.' b"(i don't know whether this has expired yet.)" b'' b"amp (antti's multiple precision?)" b'' b'multiple precision integer package in c. includes b'pow, mod, 1/x mod y, random, sqrt, gcd. available for non-commercial' b'use. the package includes "share-secret", a public key system based' b'on the diffie-hellman algorithm.' b'this is normally part of the well-known "des-dist.tar.z",' b'but i have removed the des part to avoid having to deal with' b'cryptographic export laws, and have named the result:' b'filename: amp.tar.z' b'' b'gennum' b'per bothner u of wisconsin-madison' b'' b'c++ routines and classes to do generic arithmetic, both' b'integer and rational.' b'formerly available on sevenlayer.cs.wis.edu. however, it' b'seems to have disappeared. sorry.' b'' b'miracl' b'(by someone in dublin, ireland)' b'' b'integer and fractional multiple precision package.' b'includes factorization, primality testing, encryption.' b'not public domain, apparently. it is available from the austin' b'code works. (see ads in byte magazine or dr. dobbs.)' b'' b'precision' b'' b'multiple precision integer package in c with sqrt, rand,' b'mod, pow, log. simple vector support. does dynamic allocation of memory.' b"free as long as you don't sell it or any program that uses it." b'filename: precision.tar.z' b'' b'ubasic' b'prof. yuji kida, rikkyo university, nishi-ikebukuro tokyo japan' b'' b'multiple-precision version of the basic programming language,' b'for ms-dos. includes floating point. said (by keith briggs)' b'says: "this is the best package that i know of for' b'fast arithmetic. has a version optimized for machines. includes' b'routines to do mpqs, the fastest currently known general factoring' b'algorithm. an additional file is at both sites to allow mpqs to use' b'hard drives so that it can factor up to digits. many number' b'theoretical functions are included in ubasic. it allows over b'digits of precision."' b'available via anonymous ftp from shape.mps.ohio-state.edu,' b'or simtel20.army.mil, or wuarchive.wustl.edu.' b'' b'calc_v22' b'unknown' b'' b'ms-dos c-like language that allows "infinite" precision.' b'when changing precision on the fly.' b'see simtel20 or wuarchive.' b'' b'briggs_arith' b'' b'turbo pascal source for routines that do multiple-precision' b'+, sqrt, gcd, factoring, rand for integers; also includes' b'+, and rand for rational numbers.' b'filename: briggs_arith.pas' b'' b'institute fur experimentelle mathematik' b'dr gerhard schneider b'' b'fast c multiple-precision subroutine library.' b'postal address:' b'institute fur experimentelle mathematik' b'ellernstr b'd4300 essen-12 germany' b'' b'longint' b'' b'"multi precision arithmetic written in modula-2, with the most time critical' b'parts written in assembler. includes basic arithmetics as' b'well as arithmetics modulo a number. an additional module provides a' b'collection of procedures for primality testing, gcd, multiplicative' b'inverse and more. the package is part of a privacy enhanced mail (pem)' b'package which includes a pem mailer, rsa key generator and certificate' b'generation tools."' b'' b'source is in modula-2, c, and assembler for sun longint has' b'also been ported to ms-dos under logitech modula-2 and turbo' b'assembler. availability: free for university use (research and' b'education); otherwise, a source license is required. to obtain,' b'write or email to:' b'' b'markus mueller' b'bertastrasse b'ch-8953 dietikon' b'switzerland' b'' b'bignum-1.2' b'' b'bignum package written in portable c. will in the future' b'conform to the common lisp functions that handles integers.' b'currently includes exponentiation, "exptmod",' b'comparison, random numbers, and gcd.' b'filename: bignum-1.2' b'' b'gnu multiple precision' b'gnu (free software foundation) multiple precision package.' b"i haven't looked at it yet. this is current as of april b'but there may be a more recent version by the time you read' b'this. this package is very widely available on ftp sites.' b'filename: gmp-1.2.tar.z' b'' b'elliptic curve primality proving' b'francois morian, france.' b'' b'large package to prove the primality of any prime.' b"includes inria's bignum package." b'obtained from ftp.inria.fr b'filename: ecpp.v3.4.1.tar.z' b'' b'pgp (pretty good privacy)' b'' b'intel-based crypto package that includes bignum routines in c,' b'said to be quite fast for intel processors. unix and mac' b'versions also available.' b'the crypto package violates rsa patents, but the bignum routines' b'can be used without fear of legal repercussions.' b'' b"bell's arbitrary precision calculator" b'' b'arbitrary-precision calculator with good online help, c-like' b'language, many builtin functions, support for integers,' b'rational numbers (they work like floating point), complex numbers,' b'matrices, strings, lists, files, "objects". includes' b'gcd, primality testing, even trig functions. recommended.' b'(large package, though.) obtained from comp.sources.unix.' b'filename: calc-1.24.7.tar.z' b'' b'built-in support in other languages' b'various' b'' b'multiple precision arithmetic is available in a number of' b'programming languages, such as lisp and abc (cf. mcsun.eu.net).' b'perl (by larry wall, available from devvax.jpl.nasa.gov)' b"includes source, in perl, for such a package, but it's probably" b'not suitable for serious use.' b'for some of these, source code may be available. this list is' b"long enough, so i'm not going to pursue it aggressively." b'' b'thanks to ed vielmetti and several others who contributed to this list.' b'' 