b'' b' if the clipper chip can do cheap crypto for the masses, obviously one' b' could do the same thing without building in back doors.' b'' b'i agree. so why is cylink the only (and expensive) game in town?' b'' b"note: i think cylink is great, and if my boss would double my salary, i'd buy" b'a bunch of their stuff b'' b'one thing that clipper offers is interoperability, at a higher degree of' b'security than we currently have in non-proprietary voice encryption systems.' b"this means it will be cheaper than anyone's proprietary scheme, and easier to" b'deploy. this is, of course, either a bug or a feature depending on how you' b'look at it b'' b' indeed, even without special engineering, you can construct a good' b' system right now. a standard codec chip, a chip to do vocoding, a des' b' chip, a v32bis integrated modem module, and a small processor to do' b' glue work, are all you need to have a secure phone.' b'' b'great! where can i buy it?' b'' b'another note: if "clipper" increases the incentive to bring stronger' b"encryption to the mass market, all the better. it's far overpriced at" b'the moment.' b'' b" yes, cheap crypto is good but we don't need it from the government." b'' b"i don't care where we *need* to get it from, i care where we *can* get it" b'from, and whether it will interoperate with everyone else.' b'' b' indeed, were it not for the government doing everything possible to' b' stop them, qualcomm would have designed strong encryption right in to' b' the cdma cellular phone system they are pioneering. were it not for the' b' nsa and company, cheap encryption systems would be everywhere. as it' b' is, they try every trick in the book to stop it. had it not been for' b" them, i'm sure cheap secure phones would be out right now." b'' b"you can build them right now as long as you don't want to export (a" b'restriction i firmly oppose). the only thing stopping people from making' b'cheap encryption is greed: they want a lock on the market.' b'' b" they aren't the ones making cheap crypto available. they are the ones" b" keeping cheap crypto out of people's hands. when they hand you a" b' clipper chip, what you are getting is a mess of pottage your prize' b' for having traded in your birthright.' b'' b'oh, come on. only if you trust it farther than it deserves. a clipper phone' b"*is not* a substitute for a cylink phone, or a stu-iii. it's a substitute" b'for the "voice scramblers" advertised in the back of radio electronics.' b'' b' are we getting cheaper crypto' b' for ourselves? no, because the market would have provided that on its' b' own had they not deliberately sabotaged it.' b'' b"i disagree. modulo itar, it's not the government that has sabotaged the" b'market.' b'' b' someone please tell me what exactly we get in our social contract in' b' exchange for giving up our right to strong cryptography?' b'' b'can you tell me where exactly we have given up that right?' b'' b'' b'amanda walker' b'intercon systems corporation' b'' b'' 