b'' b'' b'bullshit. the *bush* administration and the career gestapo were' b'responsible for this horror, and the careerists presented it to the' b"new presidency as a fait accompli. that doesn't excuse clinton and" b"gore from criticism for being so stupid as to go for it, but let's lay" b'the body at the proper door to start with.' b'' b'the final stages of denial... i can hardly imagine what the result' b'would have been if the clinton administration had actually supported' b"this plan, instead of merely acquiescing with repugnance as they've so" b"obviously doing. i don't believe the chip originated with the clinton" b'administration either, but the clinton administration has embraced it' b'and brought it to fruition.' b'' b'[...]' b'' b'(the date i have for this is b'' b"note clinton's statements about encryption in the 3rd paragraph.. i guess" b"this statement doesen't contradict what you said, though." b'' b'--- cut here b'' b'washington (upi) the war on drugs is about to get a fresh' b'start, president clinton told delegates to the national federation' b'of police commisioners convention in washington.' b'in the first speech on the drug issue since his innaugural,' b'clinton said that his planned escalation of the drug war ``would make' b'everything so far seem so half-hearted that for all practical' b"purposes this war is only beginning now.'' he repeatedly emphasized" b'his view that ``regardless of what has been tried, or who has tried' b"it, or how long they've been trying it, this is day one to me.''" b'the audience at the convention, whose theme is ``how do we spell' b"fiscal relief? f-o-r-f-e-i-t-u-r-e,'' interrupted clinton frequently" b'with applause.' b"clinton's program, presented in the speech, follows the" b'outline given in his campaign position papers: a cabinet-level drug' b"czar and ``boot camps'' for first-time youthful offenders. he did," b'however, cover in more detail his plans for improved enforcement' b"methods. ``this year's crime bill will have teeth, not bare gums,''" b'clinton said. in particular, his administration will place strict' b'controls on data formats and protocols, and require the registration' b"of so-called ``cryptographic keys,'' in the hope of denying drug" b'dealers the ability to communicate in secret. clinton said the' b'approach could be used for crackdowns on other forms of underground' b'economic activity, such as ``the deficit-causing tax evaders who' b"live in luxury at the expense of our grandchildren.''" b'clinton expressed optimism that the drug war can be won' b'``because even though not everyone voted for bill clinton last' b'november, everyone did vote for a candidate who shares my sense of' b'urgency about fighting the drug menace. the advocates of' b'legalization the advocates of surrender may be very good at' b"making noise,'' clinton said. ``but when the american people cast" b'their ballots, it only proved what i knew all along that the' b"advocates of surrender are nothing more than a microscopic fringe.''" b'' b'' 