b'' b'read this through once or twice. then replace "prince" with' b'"government" or "president", as appropriate, and read it again.' b'' b'[from chapter xx of _the prince_, by n. macchiavelli, as translated by' b'daniel donno.]' b'' b'in order to keep their lands secure, some princes have' b'disarmed their subjects; others have prompted division within the' b'cities they have subjugated. some have nurtured animosities against' b'themselves; others have sought to win the approval of those they' b'initially distrusted. some have erected fortresses; others have' b'destroyed them. now, although it is impossible to set down definite' b'judgements on all of these measures without considering the particular' b'circumstances of the states where they may be employed, i shall' b'nevertheless discuss them in such broad terms as the subject itself' b'will allow.' b'' b'to begin with, there has never been a case of a new prince' b'disarming his subjects. indeed, whenever he found them disarmed, he' b'proceeded to arm them. for by arming your subjects, you make their' b'arms your own. those among them who are suspicious become loyal,' b'while those who are already loyal remain so, and from subjects they' b'are transformed into partisans. though you cannot arm them all,' b'nonetheless you increase your safety among those you leave unarmed by' b'extending privileges to those you arm. your different treatment of' b'the two categories will make the latter feel obligated to you, while' b'the former will consider it proper thoat those who assume added duties' b'and dangers should receive advantages.' b'' b'when you disarm your subjects, however, you offend them, by' b'showing that, either from cowardliness or from lack of faith, you' b'distrust them; and either conclusion will induce them to hate you.' b'moreover, since it is impossible for you to remain unarmed, you would' b'have to resort to mercenaries, whose limitations have already been' b'discussed. even if such troops were good, however, they could never be' b'good enough to defend you from powerful enemies, and doubtful' b'subjects. therefore, as i have said, a new prince in a newly acquired' b'state has always taken measures to arm his subjects, and history is' b'full of examples proving that this is so.' b'' b'but when a prince takes posession of a new state which he' b'annexes as an addition to his original domain, then he must disarm all' b'the subjects of the new state except those who helped him to acquire' b'it; and these, as time and occasion permit, he must seek to render' b'soft and weak. he must arrange matters in such a way that the arms of' b'the entire state will be in the hands of soldiers who are native to' b'his original domain.' b'' b'...' b'' b'and since the subject demands it, i will not fail to remind' b'any prince who has acquired a new state by the aid of its inhabitants' b'that he soundly consider what induced them to assist him; if the' b'reason is not natural affection for him, but rather dissatisfaction' b'with the former government, he will find it extremely difficult to' b'keep them friendly, for it will be impossible to please them. if he' b'will carefully think the matter through in the light of examples drawn' b'from ancient and modern affairs, he will understand why it is much' b'easier to win the favor of those who were happy with their former' b'government, and hence were his enemies, than to keep the favor of' b'those who, out of dissatisfaction with the former rule, helped him to' b'replace it.' b'' b'' b'' b'' 