b'' b'-----begin pgp signed message-----' b'' b'' b' the cops/feds do *not* need to be able to get hold of your private key to' b' listen in to cellular conversations. encryption is not end-to-end, but' b' cellphone to base-station' b'[...]' b'' b" that was true for the uk paul, but i'm fairly sure they're talking about" b" building end-to-end encryption phones out of this chip. it's *not* for" b' cellular (though it certainly could be used there in the way you suggest)' b'' b"i'd lost the white house's deathless prose when i posted (that's what happens" b"when you read news at home when you're rat-arsed), but i did have a bunch" b'of follow-ups going on about cellular/cordless comms. the original article' b'has reappeared, so:' b'' b'the president today announced a new initiative that will bring' b'the federal government together with industry in a voluntary' b'program to improve the security and privacy of telephone' b'communications while meeting the legitimate needs of law' b'enforcement.' b'' b'hmm, telephone communications could indeed include end-to-end encryption on' b'ordinary landlines.' b'' b'the initiative will involve the creation of new products to' b'accelerate the development and use of advanced and secure' b'telecommunications networks and wireless communications links.' b'' b'but the next paragraph says telecoms networks and wireless communications' b'links.' b'' b"ok, it's far from clear exactly what cripple (what an apposite anagram) will" b'be applied to, but the reason joe public wants secure comms is to stop' b"people listening in to his cellular or cordless phones (and he wouldn't" b"even be bothered about that were it not for wingnut and squidqy's" b'misfortunes).' b'' b'yes, cripple *might* be for end-to-end encyption, dropping to clear' b"when the other end doesn't have cripple. but then a cordless-to-ordinary" b'conversation would be in clear leaving the cordless end just as vulnerable' b'as at present. nope, i suspect that cripple will only be used on radio' b'links.' b'' b"ok, it's possible `telecommunications networks' could mean `ordinary phone" b"lines', but i'm betting it means the microwave links used by the telcos." b'' b"my apologies if i'm wrong, particularly if the turgid press release makes it" b"clear that i'm wrong and i missed it, but as far as i can see it was full of" b'obfuscation, and anyone expecting end-to-end encryption is in for a surprise' b'(imho).' b'' b'' b"btw, graham, i've posted questions to alt.security.pgp and not seen any" b'replies/followups from outside europe how about you? have i made it into' b"everyone's kill file, or is there some problem?" b'' b'- --paul' b'' b'-----begin pgp signature-----' b'version: b'' b'iqcvagubk9spbmv14asak9pnaqgjbwp/zokyrm0gemlyysnj8bqoh8l8qljomrbo' b'eocclpkstavebtdcligqhnzowc6ar2k1blibpua2twnqwrgva15ogoc7xxkjj093' b'yb7p/vwvqbxyia6zdj5zkqsdep7x6ckidvdrz5cdis+onxtiothk3s3b3wjqbjcu' b'vks8kov8gfg=' b'=gvy0' b'-----end pgp signature-----' b'' 