b'' b'' b"normally i'd be the last to argue with steve but shouldn't that" b'read years for *all* solutions". i mean, if we can imagine the' b'machine that does trial/nanosecond, we can imagine the storage medium' b'that could index and archive it.' b'' b' hmmmm. i think, with really large keyspaces like this, you need to' b'alter the strategy discussed for des. attempt decryption of several' b"blocks, and check the disctribution of the contents. i don't think it's" b'at all feasible to keep encryptions of a known plaintext block on' b'*any* amount of tape or cd-rom. and certainly not such encrypted' b'blocks. (anyone know a cheap way of converting every atom in the solar' b'system into a one bit storage device?)' b'[...]' b'' b"i don't claim to be a crypto analyist... there isn't a whole lot of good" b"literature on the subject, and the best people don't seem to publish" b'their work but i rather doubt the approach such folks use is brute' b'force (sorry to have implied that in my previous post). the history' b'of these things is folks find clever ways of limiting the search and' b'bang from there.' b'' b'i guess my real problem with skipjack is i can not believe nsa would' b"make publicly available a system they couldn't break if they wanted..." b"it just isn't in their charter. remember des came from ibm, not nsa" b'and, when first published, was given a useful life of years... i think' b'we are well past that point now b'' b'remember, based on the size of the nsa budget, they spend a lot more' b'on the technology of decryption than most computer companies spend on' b'r&d. i have to imagine their stuff is real interesting...' b'' b'a friend who once worked for them (he is dead now) said he always enjoyed' b"monitoring sac's (strategic air command) crypto traffic and i rather" b'suspect that stuff is a bit more complex than skipjack (or was it the' b'military got the stuff from the nsa just like we get skipjack from them b"[btw, folks, nsa wasn't being given the keys. and the walker spy case" b"shows for some of the systems, the kgb didn't need them either.]" b'' b'--' b'information farming at... for addr&phone: finger a/~~\\a' b'support privacy: support encryption 