b'' b'the chip and algorithm are classified. if you reverse engineer it and' b'tell people, you are likely to go to jail.' b'' b"i don't find this a credible argument, for two reasons. one you have" b'supplied below: unless i care about entering the usa at any time in the' b'future (eg. the taiwanese backyard cloners who btw have been known to' b'decap custom silicon and reproduce it on daughterboards when pirating' b"high-profit arcade machines and the like who wouldn't care less), i am not" b'going to care much about us confidentiality, am i? only people like the' b'real me, who does care about travelling to various countries for business' b'reasons, will sit up and follow laws like this, but i would contend that' b"we're not the main threat." b'' b'i also have grave doubts whether an algorythm widely distributed in silicon' b'could possibly be called "classified." it\'s like handing out military' b'secrets to the whole world in envelopes marked "don\'t open me." i can' b'imagine several credible defences which could be employed if it came to' b"a trial. one would be the stupidity of the government's actions." b'' b'perhaps some foreign governments or corporations could help us out by' b'cracking the system outside the usa. the us government could probably' b'stop importation of clone hardware, but a software implementation' b'should be practical.' b'' b'amusing thought: could they have employed an algorythm which is infeasable' b'for a fast software implementation, but which is easy in custom hardware?' b'in des, the extensive use of permutation tables (trivial in hardware: you' b'just swap bus lines), but relatively slow in software have had a big effect' b'on the speed difference between hardware and software implementations of' b"that cipher (indeed, i suspect that lucifer's designers were well aware that" b'it would be, and approved.) certain algorythms (usually parallel search' b'algorythms) can be very slow in software, yet can fly in custom hardware.' b'i have no proof of their employment in clipper it is pure conjecture.' b'however, as a software implementation of this cipher is something that its' b'designers would have been trying to avoid at all costs, then the inclusion' b'of such techniques seems credible.' b'' b'hmmm... i also wonder what intergraph thinks about the use of the name' b'"clipper" for this device. b'' b'--' b'ian farquhar phone b'office of computing services fax b'macquarie university nsw also 