b'' b'' b" fishing expeditions without the target's knowlege. don't give up the" b' right to be safe from that that should be non-negotiable, and clinton' b' and co. know it (which is probably why they quietly developed this thing,' b' figuring if they get it this far, they can ram it on through).' b'' b'it always amazes me how quick people are to blame whatever' b"administration is current for things they couldn't possibly have" b'initiated. this chip had to take *years* to develop, yet already' b"we're claiming that the clinton administration sneaked it in on us." b'bullshit. the *bush* administration and the career gestapo were' b'responsible for this horror, and the careerists presented it to the' b"new presidency as a fait accompli. that doesn't excuse clinton and" b"gore from criticism for being so stupid as to go for it, but let's lay" b'the body at the proper door to start with.' b'' b'you are so correct clinton did not initiate it. he just cast it in' b'granite by implimenting, not stopping the decision. i also stated in another' b"post i don't give a damn what administration does it, i still find it" b'totally unacceptable, and whoever impliments it or rams it down our throats' b'ought to be run out of office.' b'' b'also, bush was not trying to deprive us of our second amendment rights.' b'clinton is busting his butt in that regard. that reveals a total difference' b'in philosophy. clinton appears to support the idea of total people' b'control. eavesdropping whenever they feel like it, no real security' b'for the common person, and no ability to defend oneself against illegal' b'attack, from whatever source. "trust us, we will protect (and control)' b'you... if we don\'t find it inconvenient..."' b'' b'clinton has also shown his utter contempt for public disclosure and' b'accountability, as well. he had plenty of time to change the policy.' b'' b"he didn't. he expanded on it." b'' b'i bet had bush been in office, you would be in there howling louder' b'than i.' b'' b'--' b'if all else fails, try: ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat' b'wisdom: "only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,' b'and i am not sure about the former." albert einstien' 