b'' b"agreed. remember, i don't even think of clipper as encryption in any real" b"sense--if i did, i'd probably be a lot more annoyed about it." b'' b'i agree with this assessment. furthermore, its promotion as' b'providing greater protection than bare voice is quite true, as far' b'as it goes. however, the only way for it to fulfill its stated goal' b'of letting le wiretap "terrorists and drug dealers" is to restrict' b'stronger techniques.' b'' b'wiretap targets presently use strong encryption, weak encryption, or' b'(the vast majority) no encryption. the latter two classes can be' b'tapped. with weak encryption in every phone, the no-encryption' b'class is merged into the weak-encryption class. will the' b'introduction of clipper cause targets presently enjoying strong' b'privacy to give up on it? that is, to rely for privacy on a system' b'expressly designed to deny it to people like them? i doubt it. the' b'mere introduction of this scheme will give the government *nothing*.' b'' b'the stated goal of preventing the degradation of wiretapping' b'capabilities can be fulfilled by restriction of domestic' b'cryptography, and only by this restriction. "clipper" appears to be' b'no more than a sop, given to the public to mute any complaints. we' b'would find this a grossly inadequate tradeoff, but i fear the public' b'at large will not care. i hate to even mention gun control, but' b"most people seem to think that an `assault weapon' (as the nyt uses" b'the word) is some sort of automatic weapon, caliber maybe. who' b'wants to have such a thing legal? well, people know even less about' b'cryptology; i suspect that strong cryptography could easily be' b'labeled "too much secrecy for law-abiding citizens to need".' b'' b"that's not for clinton (or anyone under him) to say, though. only the" b'federal and supreme courts can say anything about the constitutionality.' b'anything the administration or any governmental agency says is opinion at' b'best.' b'' b'what they say is opinion, but what they do is what matters, and will' b'continue unless overturned. and the courts are reluctant to annul' b'law or regulation, going to some length to decide cases on other' b'grounds. furthermore, congress can get away with quite a bit. they' b'could levy a burdensome tax; this would place enforcement in the' b"hands of the batf, who as we've seen you really don't want on your" b'case. they could invoke the commerce clause; this seems most' b'likely. this clause will get you anywhere these days. the 18th was' b'required because the supreme court ruled a prohibitory statute' b'unconstitutional. in congress prohibited many drugs, with a' b'textual nod to the commerce clause. the controlled substances' b'act of still stands. i think the government could get away' b'with it.' b'' b'amanda walker' b'' b'pgp key by finger or e-mail' b'' b'' 