b'' b'here is a revised version of my summary which corrects some errors' b'and provides some additional information and explanation.' b'' b'' b'the clipper chip: a technical summary' b'' b'dorothy denning' b'' b'revised, april b'' b'' b'introduction' b'' b'on april the president announced a new initiative that will bring' b'together the federal government and industry in a voluntary program' b'to provide secure communications while meeting the legitimate needs of' b'law enforcement. at the heart of the plan is a new tamper-proof encryption' b'chip called the "clipper chip" together with a split-key approach to' b'escrowing keys. two escrow agencies are used, and the key parts from' b'both are needed to reconstruct a key.' b'' b'' b'chip contents' b'' b'the clipper chip contains a classified single-key 64-bit block' b'encryption algorithm called "skipjack." the algorithm uses bit keys' b'(compared with for the des) and has rounds of scrambling' b'(compared with for the des). it supports all des modes of' b'operation. the algorithm takes clock ticks, and in electronic' b'codebook (ecb) mode runs at mbits per second.' b'' b'each chip includes the following components:' b'' b'the skipjack encryption algorithm' b'f, an 80-bit family key that is common to all chips' b'n, a 30-bit serial number (this length is subject to change)' b'u, an 80-bit secret key that unlocks all messages encrypted with the chip' b'' b'the chips are programmed by mykotronx, inc., which calls them the' b'"myk-78." the silicon is supplied by vlsi technology inc. they are' b'implemented in micron technology and will initially sell for about' b'$30 each in quantities of or more. the price should drop as the' b'technology is shrunk to micron.' b'' b'' b'encrypting with the chip' b'' b'to see how the chip is used, imagine that it is embedded in the at&t' b'telephone security device (as it will be). suppose i call someone and' b'we both have such a device. after pushing a button to start a secure' b'conversation, my security device will negotiate an 80-bit session key k' b'with the device at the other end. this key negotiation takes place' b'without the clipper chip. in general, any method of key exchange can' b'be used such as the diffie-hellman public-key distribution method.' b'' b'once the session key k is established, the clipper chip is used to' b'encrypt the conversation or message stream m (digitized voice). the' b'telephone security device feeds k and m into the chip to produce two' b'values:' b'' b'e[m; k], the encrypted message stream, and' b'e[e[k; u] n; f], a law enforcement field b'' b'which are transmitted over the telephone line. the law enforcement' b'field thus contains the session key k encrypted under the unit key u' b'concatenated with the serial number n, all encrypted under the family' b'key f. the law enforcement field is decrypted by law enforcement after' b'an authorized wiretap has been installed.' b'' b"the ciphertext e[m; k] is decrypted by the receiver's device using the" b'session key:' b'' b'd[e[m; k]; k] m b'' b'' b'chip programming and escrow' b'' b'all clipper chips are programmed inside a scif (secure compartmented' b'information facility), which is essentially a vault. the scif contains' b'a laptop computer and equipment to program the chips. about chips' b'are programmed during a single session. the scif is located at' b'mykotronx.' b'' b'at the beginning of a session, a trusted agent from each of the two key' b'escrow agencies enters the vault. agent enters a secret, random' b'80-bit value s1 into the laptop and agent enters a secret, random' b'80-bit value s2. these random values serve as seeds to generate unit' b'keys for a sequence of serial numbers. thus, the unit keys are a' b'function of secret, random bits, where each agent knows only b'' b'to generate the unit key for a serial number n, the 30-bit value n is' b'first padded with a fixed 34-bit block to produce a 64-bit block n1.' b's1 and s2 are then used as keys to triple-encrypt n1, producing a' b'64-bit block r1:' b'' b'r1 e[d[e[n1; s1]; s2]; s1] b'' b'similarly, n is padded with two other 34-bit blocks to produce n2 and' b'n3, and two additional 64-bit blocks r2 and r3 are computed:' b'' b'r2 e[d[e[n2; s1]; s2]; s1]' b'r3 e[d[e[n3; s1]; s2]; s1] b'' b'r1, r2, and r3 are then concatenated together, giving bits. the' b'first bits are assigned to u1 and the second bits to u2. the' b'rest are discarded. the unit key u is the xor of u1 and u2. u1 and u2' b'are the key parts that are separately escrowed with the two escrow' b'agencies.' b'' b'as a sequence of values for u1, u2, and u are generated, they are' b'written onto three separate floppy disks. the first disk contains a' b'file for each serial number that contains the corresponding key part' b'u1. the second disk is similar but contains the u2 values. the third' b'disk contains the unit keys u. agent takes the first disk and agent' b'2 takes the second disk. thus each agent walks away knowing' b'an 80-bit seed and the 80-bit key parts. however, the agent does not' b'know the other bits used to generate the keys or the other 80-bit' b'key parts.' b'' b'the third disk is used to program the chips. after the chips are' b'programmed, all information is discarded from the vault and the agents' b'leave. the laptop may be destroyed for additional assurance that no' b'information is left behind.' b'' b'the protocol may be changed slightly so that four people are in the' b'room instead of two. the first two would provide the seeds s1 and s2,' b'and the second two (the escrow agents) would take the disks back to' b'the escrow agencies.' b'' b'the escrow agencies have as yet to be determined, but they will not' b'be the nsa, cia, fbi, or any other law enforcement agency. one or' b'both may be independent from the government.' b'' b'' b'law enforcement use' b'' b'when law enforcement has been authorized to tap an encrypted line, they' b'will first take the warrant to the service provider in order to get' b'access to the communications line. let us assume that the tap is in' b'place and that they have determined that the line is encrypted with the' b'clipper chip. the law enforcement field is first decrypted with the' b'family key f, giving e[k; u] n. documentation certifying that a tap' b'has been authorized for the party associated with serial number n is' b'then sent (e.g., via secure fax) to each of the key escrow agents, who' b'return (e.g., also via secure fax) u1 and u2. u1 and u2 are xored' b'together to produce the unit key u, and e[k; u] is decrypted to get the' b'session key k. finally the message stream is decrypted. all this will' b'be accomplished through a special black box decoder.' b'' b'' b'capstone: the next generation' b'' b'a successor to the clipper chip, called "capstone" by the government' b'and "myk-80" by mykotronx, has already been developed. it will include' b'the skipjack algorithm, the digital signature standard (dss), the' b'secure hash algorithm (sha), a method of key exchange, a fast' b'exponentiator, and a randomizer. a prototoype will be available for' b'testing on april and the chips are expected to be ready for' b'delivery in june or july.' b'' b'' b'acknowledgment and distribution notice. this article is based on' b'information provided by nsa, nist, fbi, and mykotronx. permission to' b'distribute this document is granted.' b'' b'' b'' 