b'' b' the clear implication is that there are "legal" authorizations other' b' than a court order. just how leaky are these?' b'' b"i don't have the wiretap statute handy. but here's what the law says" b'on pen registers. this is all from title of the u.s. code. note' b"how vague s. 3125(a)(1)(b) is.... i haven't had a chance to check" b'out u.s.c. yet.' b'' b'----' b'' b'18 usc s. pen registers (as of b'' b'' b's. general prohibition on pen register and trap and trace device' b'use; exception' b'' b'(a) in general. except as provided in this section, no person may' b'install or use a pen register or a trap and trace device without first' b'obtaining a court order under section of this title or under the' b'foreign intelligence surveillance act of u.s.c. et seq.).' b'' b'.....' b'' b's. emergency pen register and trap and trace device' b'installation' b'' b'(a) notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter any' b'investigative or law enforcement officer, specially designated by the' b'attorney general, the deputy attorney general, the associate attorney' b'general, any assistant attorney general, any acting assistant attorney' b'general, or any deputy assistant attorney general, or by the principal' b'prosecuting attorney of any state or subdivision thereof acting pursuant' b'to a statute of that state, who reasonably determines that--' b'' b'(1) an emergency situation exists that involves--' b'' b'(a) immediate danger of death or serious bodily injury to any person;' b'or' b'' b'(b) conspiratorial activities characteristic of organized crime,' b'' b'that requires the installation and use of a pen register or a trap' b'and trace device before an order authorizing such installation and use' b'can, with due diligence, be obtained, and' b'' b'(2) there are grounds upon which an order could be entered under this' b'chapter to authorize such installation and use "may have installed and' b'use a pen register or trap and trace device if, within forty-eight' b'hours after the installation has occurred, or begins to occur, an order' b'approving the installation or use is issued in accordance with section' b'3123 of this title."' b'' b'(b) in the absence of an authorizing order, such use shall' b'immediately terminate when the information sought is obtained, when the' b'application for the order is denied or when forty-eight hours have' b'lapsed since the installation of the pen register or trap and trace' b'device, whichever is earlier.' b'' b'(c) the knowing installation or use by any investigative or law' b'enforcement officer of a pen register or trap and trace device' b'pursuant to subsection (a) without application for the authorizing order' b'within forty-eight hours of the installation shall constitute a' b'violation of this chapter.' b'' 