b'' b'' b': do you know of any freely distributable c++ (or c) code for public' b': key cryptography (such as rsa)?' b'' b": i've tried various archie searches to no avail." b'' b'have you heard of pgp? i assume from your post that you have not. pgp b'is a freeware rsa encryption program which includes digital signatures and' b'comprehensive key management facilities. most sites also keep the source code.' b'a growing number of people are using this excellent software to encrypt (to' b'a very high standard) their email and data. get it before clinton outlaws it.' b'' b'two of the many sites are:' b' rsa.com /pub/pgp' b' soda.berkeley.edu /pub/cypherpunks/pgp' b'' b'pgp is not available on the archive site rsa.com. if it were, it' b'would be highly amusing, since rsa.com (actually public key partners,' b"but it's the same entity) is the organization holding the patents" b'which they claim are violated if you actually "make, use or sell" pgp.' b"i believe those patents also apply in canada, but i'm not a patent" b'lawyer or anything.' b'' b'there is no such thing as freely redistributable code for rsa which' b'can be used in north america without legal entanglements. you may' b'wish to consider rsaref, however, which *is* available from the ftp' b"site rsa.com in /rsaref but probably doesn't meet your definition of" b'"freely redistributable" (it\'s readily available in source, in c, and' b'does rsa, md5, etc. and comes with a license allowing noncommercial' b"use. like any other strong crypto software, it's not exportable" b'legally. it can be modified with permission from rsadsi, which a' b"number of people have received in the past.) for reasons that aren't" b'entirely clear to me, rsa says that only u.s. people should take' b"rsaref from its server, although there aren't itar issues regarding" b'canada. the ripem distribution site (ripem.msu.edu) has rsaref in its' b'distribution, and is ok for canadians.' b'--' b'' b'' b'"barney the dinosaur is simply rush limbaugh in a dinosaur suit." lost boy' 