b'' b'' b'' b' here is a revised version of my summary that corrects some errors and' b' provides some additional information and explanation.' b'' b'thank you very much. after reading the text some distinct questions' b'arised to me, which i guess will also be asked by other people. perhaps' b'would it be interesting to find an answer to these questions b'' b'' b' the clipper chip: a technical summary' b' n, a 30-bit serial number (this length is subject to change)' b'' b'shorter or longer b'' b' once the session key k is established, the clipper chip is used to' b' encrypt the conversation or message stream m (digitized voice). the' b' telephone security device feeds k and m into the chip to produce two' b' values:' b'' b' e[m; k], the encrypted message stream, and' b' e[e[k; u] n; f], a law enforcement field b'' b' which are transmitted over the telephone line. the law enforcement' b' field thus contains the session key k encrypted under the unit key u' b' concatenated with the serial number n, all encrypted under the family' b' key f. the law enforcement field is decrypted by law enforcement after' b' an authorized wiretap has been installed.' b'' b'first question: when will the lawenforcmentfield be transmitted, and how' b'does the remote clipper chip handle it? is it transmitted periodically' b'in the stream of encrypted blocks, or just at the beginning does the' b'phone at the other side discard those packets via a protocol whatsoever,' b'or tries it to turn them into voice-output (which would not be disturbing)' b'' b'' b' at the beginning of a session, a trusted agent from each of the two key' b' escrow agencies enters the vault. agent enters a secret, random' b' 80-bit value s1 into the laptop and agent enters a secret, random' b' 80-bit value s2. these random values serve as seeds to generate unit' b' keys for a sequence of serial numbers. thus, the unit keys are a' b' function of secret, random bits, where each agent knows only b'' b'second question: why!?!? why is such a strange procedure used, and not' b'a real rng this turns those s1,s2 in a kind of bottleneck for system-' b'security.' b'' b'' b' when law enforcement has been authorized to tap an encrypted line, they' b' will first take the warrant to the service provider in order to get' b' access to the communications line. let us assume that the tap is in' b' place and that they have determined that the line is encrypted with the' b' clipper chip. the law enforcement field is first decrypted with the' b' family key f, giving e[k; u] n. documentation certifying that a tap' b' has been authorized for the party associated with serial number n is' b' then sent (e.g., via secure fax) to each of the key escrow agents, who' b' return (e.g., also via secure fax) u1 and u2. u1 and u2 are xored' b' together to produce the unit key u, and e[k; u] is decrypted to get the' b' session key k. finally the message stream is decrypted. all this will' b' be accomplished through a special black box decoder.' b'' b"so no (technical) provision will be taken to place a 'timeout' on these" b'warrants? this would be a unique possibility to realize such a technical' b'restriction, by letting the escrow-agencies perform the decoding of the' b'session key. just take modem-lines instead of secure fax. is this such' b'a bad idea b'' b'' b' a successor to the clipper chip, called "capstone" by the government' b' and "myk-80" by mykotronx, has already been developed. it will include' b' the skipjack algorithm, the digital signature standard (dss), the' b' secure hash algorithm (sha), a method of key exchange, a fast' b' exponentiator, and a randomizer. a prototoype will be available for' b' testing on april and the chips are expected to be ready for' b' delivery in june or july.' b'' b'wow! (how does the randomizer work?) are the sha (and key exchange) secret,' b'or publicly known key-exchange is dh, i guess b'' b'it seems that those who are opposed to this chip shall have a tough time,' b'your government realy means to act. b'' b'friendly greetings,' b'germano caronni' b'' b'--' b"instruments register only through things they're designed to register." b'space still contains infinite unknowns.' b'pgp-key-id:341027' 