b'' b'' b'in most cases information you come by properly is yours to use as you wish,' b'but there are certainly exceptions. if you write a paper which includes' b'sufficiently detailed information on how to build a nuclear weapon, it is' b'classified. as i understand the law, nuclear weapons design is' b'_automatically_ classified even if you do the work yourself. i believe you' b'are then not allowed to read your own paper.' b'' b'hate to mess up your point, but it is incredibly easy to learn how' b'to make a nuclear weapon. the hard part is getting the radioactives to' b"put in it. have you ever read tom clancy's _the sum of all fears_? it" b'describes in great detail how a palestinian terrorist group constructed a' b'nuclear bomb using stolen (actually found) plutonium, with some help from' b"an east german nuclear physicist. for some non fiction, read tom clancy's" b'article _five minutes till midnight_. it shows how a terrorist group could' b'construct a nuke using neptunium, a low grade radioactive waste product' b'dumped in toxic waste sites and forgotten about. he also claims information' b'on constructing a nuke is easily found in any large library. sounds' b"kind of scary, doesn't it? b'' b'a less serious example: if you tell drivers about a speed trap they are' b'about to run into, you can be fined, even though you might argue that you' b'broke no law when you discovered the location of the policeman. the charge' b'is interfering with a police officer, which is quite similar what you would' b'be doing by reverse engineering the clipper chip.' b'' b"don't tell me that you think this violates the constitution find some" b'court cases which have struck down such laws. many people would not be' b'comforted by the fact that the government violated their rights when it' b'imprisoned them.' b'' b'' b"don't know whether you could get busted for warning of a speedtrap." b'' b'doug holland' b'' b'--' b'----------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'| doug holland anyone who tries to take away my freedom b'| pgp key available by e-mail cold, dead lips!! 