b'' b': it seems likely to me that that a large subset of encrypted communications' b': would be archived to tape so they could be read if sometime in the future' b': probable cause arises and a warrant is obtained.' b'' b'i think it is unlikely that data like this could be used in court.' b'currently leas can install wiretaps on large numbers of phones, record' b'calls without listening to them, and then post-facto obtain warrants' b'and listen to calls after probable cause is established. but this' b"strategy wouldn't get the stuff admitted in court. (at least, not" b'in the near term.)' b'' b'in other words, near as i can tell, the thing that makes such evidence' b'inadmissable is the interception without a warrant, not the attempt to' b"interpret what was intercepted without a warrant. i'd be surprised" b'that archiving data without consent would be interpreted as anything' b'but analogous to a wiretap by the courts.' b'' b"note that that doesn't mean i think it won't be done if technically" b"feasible. just as i'm sure many wiretaps are done now without" b'warrants, just to fish for avenues to investigate. so in the future,' b'start surveilance, start archiving data, trump up some probable cause,' b'decrypt post-facto after the warrant is in hand, and the investigation' b"gets a boost from data that, sadly, won't ever be presented to a jury." b'' b"while i'm posting... for an interesting cautionary tale projecting this" b'archiving scenario to extremes, read "lacey and his friends", a' b'collection of sf stories by david drake. the us starts down the' b"slippery slope by archiving *everyghing*. but don't worry folks, it's" b'stored in a secure repository where nobody but leas with warrants can' b"get to it. and by the way, we'll be installing cameras on all major" b'streets. hey, this is nothing new, we already have cameras in banks and' b"teller machines, don't we?" b'' b"and then we'll pass laws requiring cameras covering *all* public" b"places. then in some private places. then we'll make it a crime ever" b'to be out of range of a camera, except in legally licensed privacy' b'cubicles. only alone. and with a thorough body search before and' b"after. but, see, there's still a right to privacy. we haven't" b"curtailed any rights, not really. and just think how much easier it'd" b'be to solve crimes in such a situation: just obtain a warrant, put on a' b'vr helmet and take a walk down memory lane.' b'' b"and hey, nobody'll be tracking *you* or *me*, no need to be self-conscious." b'' b"after all, if you're not doing anything illegal..." b'' b'funny, though. while speeding and the radar detector industry became' b"pretty much a thing of the past, somehow all this didn't elminate all" b'crime in the story. and somehow, politicians got exemptions on grounds' b'of national security, and rich corporations got exemptions for their' b'execs on grounds of industrial espionage and the preservation of' b'competition. and not everybody was exactly happy with the system.' b"i can't imagine why." b'' b'--' 