b'' b'writes:' b'' b'even more interesting: the smtp server at csrc.ncsl.nist.gov no longer' b"recognizes the 'expn' and 'vrfy' commands..." b'' b' telnet csrc.ncsl.nist.gov smtp' b' trying b' connected to csrc.ncsl.nist.gov.' b" escape character is b' first.org sendmail 4.1/nist ready at tue, apr edt' b' expn clipper' b' command unrecognized' b'' b"seems like sombody didn't like your snooping around, marc." b'' b'then it is a good thing we already have this:' b'' b' [rest of names deleted]' b'' b"sigh... my version of 'rn' asked me whether i really want to send this" b'posting!' b'' b'you may as well know that all this stuff about the secret source of the' b'clipper announcement is because of a silly mistake. i am the administrator' b"of csrc.ncsl.nist.gov, alias first.org. it's a system set up to help out" b'the needs of first, a forum of incident response and security teams, which' b'includes a number of world-wide incident response teams such as cert/cc and' b'other places in europe. as to the vrfy and expn commands, they are normally' b"disabled, since early on we didn't want crackers to find out the names of" b'incident response folks on our mailing lists. we had a disk crash several' b'months ago which required completely rebuilding the o/s files same old' b"story, our backups weren't especially helpful. as you can guess, i didn't" b'remember to re-disable vrfy and expn until i saw people on the net trying to' b'here, i felt it was time to clear things up. so, expn and vrfy on csrc have' b'always been disabled in the past for reasons having nothing to do with' b'clipper.' b'' b'i posted the white house announcements at the request of policy folks here' b'because csrc also provides usenet service. i posted them from an account' b"called 'clipper.' i also created an alias called 'clipper' that contains" b'the addresses of members of the nist computer security privacy and advisory' b'board, set up under law of the computer security act of and addresses' b'of other individuals not affiliated with nist but involved in cryptography,' b'security, and privacy i believe that these individuals were included on' b'this list because nist felt it important to get them the clipper information' b'first-hand.' b'' b"the 'clipper' alias is there for the benefit of those named above. it is" b'not a source for information, it was set up solely to monitor any initial' b'traffic. individuals on the list have requested that they continue to get' b'traffic that is not already duplicated on usenet.' b'' b'while you can rightfully say we were a bit disorganized in handling this,' b'i would ask that people stop speculating about any hidden agendas or motives' b"of the individuals on the 'clipper' alias i've already apologized to them" b"for what's happened. disabling expn and vrfy is an increasingly common" b'practice (albeit unfriendly to some), and any effect of disabling it again' b'was unintentional.' b'' b'-john wack' b'' 