b'' b'' b' writes:' b'' b' b' at the company i worked for previously, i received a file that was des encryped' b' and the person that had sent it, went on vaction. rather than wait two weeks' b' i set up a straight frontal attack with one key at a time. it only took two(2)' b" days to crack the file. no, i don't have any faith in des." b' b'' b' taking this at face value (though it seems quite dissonant with much else' b' that has been published here about brute force des cracking, unless russell' b" was lucky with respect to the key), i'd be very interested in whether the" b' program russell used is available? in whether he used a cleartext' b' recognition algorithm in the program or whether he had to examine each' b' decryption by hand? in whether he used a known plaintext attack?' b'' b'given that certain archival methods have certain key(cleartext) in a file i' b'used a programatic dictionary attack. i used the des library provided with the' b'system that i was using. what is to keep anyone from being lucky with a key?' b'' b' he probably should also tell us, given his address, what machine he used--a' b' desktop, workstation, or super-computer.' b'' b'my previous employment has nothing to do with my current address, other than' b'the fact that the fastest machine in the office was an ibm risc system/6000' b'model with meg of memory.(not a super-computer)' b'' b' depending on his answer, this could be an appalling development calling into' b' question both des and rsa/des. dunno about rsa/idea.' b'' b'i really think this more of a statement of the limitations placed on the key' b"by the interface(ascii char/no padding), and most programs don't bother to" b"clear off the archival front and backend id's." b'' b' if any bright programmer with a little idle machine time can crack a single' b' des message in a couple of days (assuming no tricks that are' b" message-specific), then here's my clipper key, nsa; give me the chip at" b' once. b'' b'yes any moderatly bright programmer with a little idle machine time, can' b'crack most of todays real world encryption. i sure that you or i could' b'select a key, and prepare the data inorder that the decryption will become a' b"worst case. but that is not the real world, and i'm sure that is how any" b'agency would start an attack on a message, as you pointed out, there are some' b"very good recognition algorithms availible, i'm just not familiar with them." b'' b'a.g.' b'--' b'a.g. russell dept a06s oltp section of pals group vm id sc39093 at ausvm1' b'these are my views, on anyone else they would look silly. free the berkeley 