b'' b"if you can get it for a buck, 2nd hand, it must be true, eh? i'm pretty" b'sure the nsa is supposed to, among many other things, provide high-quality' b"cryptosystems to a variety of places. i don't recall reading anywhere" b"reliable that they're supposed to:" b'' b'\t1) monitor my phonecalls.' b'\t2) monitor usenet.' b'\t3) provide only cryptosystems they can easily crack.' b'\t4) etc etc.' b'' b"\tthis is not to say that they *don't*, they might. but you don't" b'know that they do, and you have no evidence that they do, for almost' b"all values of you. it follows, therefore, that for most values of 'you'," b'your claims about the nsa border on paranoia.' b'' b'\tandrew' b'' b'' b"ok, andrew, i'll provide some evidence. a friend of mine worked for an" b'electronics manufacturer on with a west-coast office. they routinely sold' b'equipment to the japanese. one day, the japanese started showing up with' b'discount demands that were amazingly close to the cost to manufacture the' b'products.' b'' b'this company routinely sent most of the manufacturing data to the field' b'offices. the japanese had simply intercepted it. so my friend, the computer' b'systems admin, came up with a solution. he started sending the data out' b'double-block-encrypted with des.' b'' b'two days after this new distribution plan was implemented, the president of' b'the company got a visit from a pair of government agents. they told him to' b'"knock it off". the president gave in, since his company did a considerable' b'business with the federal government.' b'' b"now, if the government wasn't monitoring the communications, how would they" b'even know that the encryption system was installed? further, since encryp-' b"tion isn't illegal, and des certainly isn't, what is the basis of the" b"government's cease-and-desist demand?" b'' b'the spooks do whatever they think is necessary, with or without the blessings' b'of the law. i\'ll say "no thanks" to clipper, or anything else the government' b'produces. for the moment, double or triple des is probably adequate. and when' b"the line is idle, send random garbage, just to keep 'em busy." b'' b'' b'' b'' 