b'acceptance of the wiretap chip)' b'' b'' b' writes:' b'' b' b' at the company i worked for previously, i received a file that was des encryped' b' and the person that had sent it, went on vaction. rather than wait two weeks' b' i set up a straight frontal attack with one key at a time. it only took two(2)' b" days to crack the file. no, i don't have any faith in des." b' b'' b' taking this at face value (though it seems quite dissonant with much else' b' that has been published here about brute force des cracking, unless russell' b" was lucky with respect to the key), i'd be very interested in whether the" b' program russell used is available? in whether he used a cleartext' b' recognition algorithm in the program or whether he had to examine each' b' decryption by hand? in whether he used a known plaintext attack?' b'' b' he probably should also tell us, given his address, what machine he used--a' b' desktop, workstation, or super-computer.' b'' b' depending on his answer, this could be an appalling development calling into' b' question both des and rsa/des. dunno about rsa/idea.' b'' b' if any bright programmer with a little idle machine time can crack a single' b' des message in a couple of days (assuming no tricks that are' b" message-specific), then here's my clipper key, nsa; give me the chip at" b' once. b'' b' david' b' b' david sternlight great care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of' b' our information, errors and omissions excepted.' b'' b'' b'' b'a person i know, belonging to a research lab of a rivate' b'company, claimed to me during a priavte conversation that, given the' b'equipment in his lab, he could crack a kerberos ticket in minutes to' b'an hour. he had access to rather powerful des hardware, but not of an' b'extraordinare kind, i believe. the attack was possible because of the' b'amount of known plaintext in the ticket, which itself constitutes a small' b'message. this was two years ago.' b'des is no longer usable for encryption of really sensitive data. for a' b'lot of purposes, however, it is still very adequate.' b'' b'jon olnes, norwegian computing centre, oslo, norway' 