b'' b'' b'| the chips are programmed by mykotronx, inc., which calls them the' b'| "myk-78." the silicon is supplied by vlsi technology inc. they are' b'| implemented in micron technology and will initially sell for about' b'| each in quantities of or more. the price should drop as the' b'| technology is shrunk to micron.' b'' b'hmmmmmm. seems a bit expensive. how big is the chip? what kind' b'of packages will be used? volt or volt technology? how much' b'current will it draw? i think there are many practical questions' b"that haven't been answered, especially since this chip already exists!" b'' b'| all clipper chips are programmed inside a scif (secure compartmented' b'| information facility), which is essentially a vault. the scif contains' b'| a laptop computer and equipment to program the chips. about chips' b'| are programmed during a single session. the scif is located at' b'| mykotronx.' b'|' b'| at the beginning of a session, a trusted agent from each of the two key' b'| escrow agencies enters the vault. agent enters a secret, random' b'| 80-bit value s1 into the laptop and agent enters a secret, random' b'| 80-bit value s2. these random values serve as seeds to generate unit' b'| keys for a sequence of serial numbers. thus, the unit keys are a' b'| function of secret, random bits, where each agent knows only b'' b"ok, i've got a big problem with all of this. how in the world do you" b'expect to sell these chips for even after all the overhead involved' b'in this programming procedure? people, a laptop, only chips at' b'a time: give me a break. and how long does all of this take? even if' b'it is a minute per chip, it will take the greater part of a day to' b'turn out of these things. how long do you suppose it will take to' b'program those chips mentioned above? this is highly impractical!' b'' b'| to see how the chip is used, imagine that it is embedded in the at&t' b'| telephone security device (as it will be). suppose i call someone and' b'| we both have such a device. after pushing a button to start a secure' b'| conversation, my security device will negotiate an 80-bit session key k' b'| with the device at the other end.' b'' b'so where can i find info on this at&t device? what kind of vocoder' b'does it use? does it require isdn phone lines? if not, is it full' b'duplex? how does it sound? what kind of synchronization scheme is' b'used? will all other little black boxes have to conform to at&ts choices' b'of protocol, etc.? will anybody else be allowed to build boxes that' b'conform to these specifications?' b'' b'' b'--' b'doug bank private systems division' 