b'' b'' b"ok, andrew, i'll provide some evidence. a friend of mine worked for an" b'electronics manufacturer on with a west-coast office. they routinely sold' b'equipment to the japanese. one day, the japanese started showing up with' b'discount demands that were amazingly close to the cost to manufacture the' b'products.' b'' b'this company routinely sent most of the manufacturing data to the field' b'offices. the japanese had simply intercepted it. so my friend, the computer' b'systems admin, came up with a solution. he started sending the data out' b'double-block-encrypted with des.' b'' b'two days after this new distribution plan was implemented, the president of' b'the company got a visit from a pair of government agents. they told him to' b'"knock it off". the president gave in, since his company did a considerable' b'business with the federal government.' b'' b"now, if the government wasn't monitoring the communications, how would they" b'even know that the encryption system was installed? further, since encryp-' b"tion isn't illegal, and des certainly isn't, what is the basis of the" b"government's cease-and-desist demand?" b'' b'something similar has happened to me ages ago when we were working on pgp' b'we used to send short messages about development issues or simply to test' b'new features around. now at this time pgp (and certainly the newer version)' b'was unknown over here. suddenly the admin at the site i was using received' b'a request that i stop sending encrypted email. now there is almost no way' b"that some automatic scanner could have found this, since they wouldn't have" b'known about pgp they *must* have checked for unknown data types in the' b"message, tried to unscramble it, found they couldn't get past the pem" b'armour part, and then contacted the sysadmin and asked me to stop. luckily' b'the current email carriers are less picky about what goes over their' b'networks b'' b"in case people think email scanning doesn't take place, i can assure you" b'that it is done regularly by many sites usually not by government' b'agencies (or at least not that i know of), but by local administrators who,' b'for reasons of their own, have decided to monitor all communications' b"(i'm sure you can all think of a whole mess of reasons stop hackers/" b'terrorists/child pornographers/drug dealers/evil commies/whatever). there' b"have been several occasions when i've got people into trouble simply by" b"including the traditional nsa bait in a message (i don't try it any more" b'now a friend of mine was once picked up for mentioning the name of' b"the uk town of scunthorpe (hint: look for words embedded in it). i'm sure" b'there are many more examples of this happening (in fact if anyone has any' b"examples i'd appreciate hearing from them i could use them as" b'ammunition during talks on privacy issues).' b'' b'peter.' b'--' b"(in order of preference one of 'em's bound to work)" b"-- don't vote. you'll only encourage them b'' 