b'' b'2) if some kind soul out there would write a letter, and upload it to' b'the net, everyone could capture it, print it out, and snail-mail it' b'out to their local congressional critter.' b'' b"btw i'm working on one." b'' b'you should realize that form letters are the *worst* way to influence' b'your congresscritters; exact copies are routinely placed on the lowest' b'rung of the opinion ladder.' b'' b'if you want to write (and i think you should!), take the time to really' b'*write* a letter. things to emphasize:' b'' b"- it's been said that usenet is available to the 'technical" b"elite', i.e. the techies at corporate sites and universi-" b'ties. emphasize that you are part of the group that will' b"be making/developing/using clinton's 'data superhighway.'" b'' b'- explain how you are intimately familiar with both computing' b"and data communications. (if this is the case; don't call your-" b"self an 'expert' after wiring in a bps modem.) this" b"will distinguish your letter from the random flamers. don't" b'turn it into braggadocio; just tell them that you know the' b'technical sides of the issue.' b'' b"- don't overdo jargon and gobbledygook. remember, your letter" b'will be first read (in all likelihood) by a staffer who may' b"even be a college student; if they don't understand it, your" b"views won't even make the 'running total' sheets." b'' b"- be concise; don't ramble. rants are *definitely* out of place." b'cite references, if necessary, but only use "accepted" references' b'like academic journals. "my neighbor jim" is *not* a real refer-' b'ence. b'' b'- unfortunately, very few congresscritters *really* understand' b'electronic communications. encourage them to pick up access' b'to compuserve, america online, or one of the free-nets. offer' b'to send them samples. if you are in a position to do so, offer' b'them (or their staffers back in the home state) access to your' b"systems. offer to give a demonstration the next time they're in" b'town. your offer to get *personally* involved in helping them' b'*will* give your opinions more credence.' b'' b'- in addition to sending mail to your representatives, send mail' b'to the members of the committee (or subcommittee) that is dealing' b"with the issue. if your congresscritter isn't on the committee," b"they can't be of much help until the matter comes to the floor." b'' b'--wes' b'' b"ps i'd suggest drawing analogies between digital communication and the" b"more traditional media, but usenet doesn't have a decent track record" b'in the analogy department. b'' b'--' b'rachel elizabeth morgan am oh yeah, i can be reached as' b'|-----------------------------' b'to netters who gave constant encouragement and prayer thanks for everything!' 