b'' b'qualcomm had spare cycles in the dsps for their new cdma digital' b'cellular phones. they wanted to put strong crypto into them since they' b'had the capacity. the government decided to "discourage" them.' b'' b"you're blowing smoke. qualcomm wants to sell to nice, lucrative overseas" b'markets like japan and the ec. the government told them "don\'t do encryption' b'if you ever hope to export this technology". the reason that cdma doesn\'t' b"have encryption is not because the g-men came a'knocking at qualcomm's door." b"it's because qualcomm doesn't think that the us market for digital cellular" b'is big enough for them. this is just the international traffic in arms' b'regulations all over again.' b'' b'perry has already stated on the net that qualcomm wanted to sell overseas, and' b"the government told them they wouldn't be allowed to export," b"so he's only blowing the same smoke you are b'sure, they probably could have made a us version, and a non-crypto' b'export version, and contracted with a bulgarian or japanese software house to' b"develop an overseas crypto rom, but that's getting pretty expensive." b'' b"no, cylink sells their phones because they're willing to make different" b"stuff for domestic use vs. export. qualcomm isn't. so cylink makes" b"money--that's capitalism, comrade." b'' b'well, some people like capitalism, and others prefer free enterprise;' b"they're different! using the government to stifle your competition is capitalist." b'' b'someone out there will build a unit to do all this. better yet,' b'prehaps someone will produce a package that turns any box with a' b'sound card into a secure phone.' b'"someone" this and "someone" that. if you think it\'s so easy, why are' b'you whining on the net instead of getting your butt in gear and writing it?' b'' b'writing good crypto code is something most good programmers can do;' b'writing good new crypto algorithms is a very specialized skill.' b'developing new voice coding algorithms is also pretty specialized,' b"but finding ways to implement the more complex ones when you don't" b'have enough horsepower is still fairly hairy stuff.' b'once the 586/pentium becomes widespread, or the next generation of' b"sound boards has dsps on it, i suspect we'll see it happen." b'maybe the vanilla 486+soundblaster is enough.' b'--' b'#\t\t\t\tpray for peace; bill' b"#\t no, i'm *from* new jersey, i only *work* in cyberspace...." b'# white house commect line fax 