b'' b'' b' each chip includes the following components:' b'' b' the skipjack encryption algorithm' b' f, an 80-bit family key that is common to all chips' b' n, a 30-bit serial number (this length is subject to change)' b' u, an 80-bit secret key that unlocks all messages encrypted with the chip' b' b'' b' to see how the chip is used, imagine that it is embedded in the at&t' b' telephone security device (as it will be). suppose i call someone and' b' we both have such a device. after pushing a button to start a secure' b' conversation, my security device will negotiate an 80-bit session key k' b' with the device at the other end. this key negotiation takes place' b' without the clipper chip. in general, any method of key exchange can' b' be used such as the diffie-hellman public-key distribution method.' b'' b' once the session key k is established, the clipper chip is used to' b' encrypt the conversation or message stream m (digitized voice). the' b' telephone security device feeds k and m into the chip to produce two' b' values:' b'' b' e[m; k], the encrypted message stream, and' b' e[e[k; u] n; f], a law enforcement field b' b'' b' which are transmitted over the telephone line. the law enforcement' b' field thus contains the session key k encrypted under the unit key u' b' concatenated with the serial number n, all encrypted under the family' b' key f. the law enforcement field is decrypted by law enforcement after' b' an authorized wiretap has been installed.' b'' b'is the u used in the law enforcement field from the phone which placed the' b"call, from the unit whose 'start secure session' button was pressed first," b'or does each phone transmit its own law enforcement field? even assuming' b'one of the first two choices, the fbi is going to get a fresh n,u for its' b'own database about every other phone call, eventually accumulating keys for' b'all the phones used to connect to the line they are monitoring, not just' b"the 'suspects' key. (assuming the ever-thrifty fbi doesn't forget each key" b'after its wiretap permission has expired.) not quite a pyramid, but not' b'bad, either.' b'' 