b'' b'' b" the clipper chip's user key is formed by:" b'' b' r1 e[d[e[n1;s1];s2];s1]' b' r2 e[d[e[n2;s1];s2];s1]' b' r3 e[d[e[n3;s1];s2];s1]' b'' b' why is the triple-encrytion used? is it just to gain an effective' b' increase in keyspace to defeat a potential keysearch? (if so, why use' b" bit keys?) not knowing anything about the skipjack algorithm, it's" b' not really possible to guess whether this makes it harder or easier to' b' guess s1,s2.' b'' b' why are n1, n2, and n3 formed as they are? it would be facinating to' b' see the skipjack algorithm, to look for ways of attacking it that require' b' three ciphertext blocks formed in that odd way.' b'' b' where do the 34-bit constant values that are concatenated with the' b' serial number to form n1,n2,n3 come from? are they changed from chip to' b" chip, or session to session? (even if they're published in the ny times," b' if skipjack is resistant to known-plaintext attacks, when using triple-' b" encryption, then there's no break in security. but why allow that kind" b' of weird format? if those three 34-bit values are truly-random bits, then' b" maybe it's used to ensure that a known-plaintext attack on skipjack, if" b" it exists, can't be easily used to derive s1 and s2 for a whole production" b' run of these chips....)' b'' b"i can't answer all our questions in detail, but i can take a stab at" b'them.' b'' b'the form the operations that compute r1, r2, and r3 is, of course, the' b"famous ``triple encryption'' suggested for use with des. it's much" b'stronger than a single encryption, and has an effective key length of' b'160 bits. for reasons that were discussed when des was first' b'standardized, a simple double encryption would not have the same' b'strength. triple encryption has been used by ibm since more or less' b"the beginning to encrypt other keys. it's recommended for anything of" b'very high value. and i think we can agree that the r_i and s_i fit' b'that description.' b'' b'why n_1, n_2, and n_3? well, you need different plaintext values. i' b"have no idea if they'll be disclosed or not. at a guess, they're" b'constructed so that they differ in as many bit positions as possible.' b'a goo cryptosystem will scramble things a lot with even a 1-bit change' b'-- but the values of n in a series will have fairly similar bit' b'patterns, and there might, conceivably, be a weakness. so the n_i' b"values are and i'm guessing chosen to increase the hamming" b'distance.' b'' b"in any event, i'm quite convinced that one cannot go back to the s_i" b"from the u_i, let alone u. (observe: if the nsa has u, they don't" b"need to find s_i. but even if they do, they can't get u_1 and u_2. in" b'theory, they should never even see those values, even with a warrant.)' b'' b'the real question, i think, is why use this scheme at all, as opposed' b'to a hardware random number generator. my answer is that this is' b'*much* more verifiable. look suppose that nsa, nist, the aclu, the' b'eff, and the nra combined to build a *really* good random number' b'generator, and that it passed every test you could think of. when you' b'come back next week to program some more chips, does it still work that' b'well? have any components changed in value? have the components been' b'changed out from under you? does it still work well the in the' b'presence of a focused microwave beam that tends to bias it towards' b'selecting bits? yes, you can run detailed statistical tests on it' b"again, but that's hard." b'' b'consider, on the other hand, a software solution. you bring your own' b"floppies with you, you can run cryptographic checksums, etc. it's a" b'lot easier to verify that the software is unchanged, in other words.' b"(yes, i can think of ways to cheat software, too. i think that they're" b'a lot harder.)' b'' b'there are three issues with clipper. the first is whether or not the' b'architecture of the whole scheme is capable of working. my answer,' b'with one significant exception, is yes. i really do think that nsa and' b'nist have designed this scheme about as well as can be, assuming that' b'their real objectives are as stated: to permit wiretapping, under' b'certain carefully-controlled circumstances, with a minimum risk of' b'abuse. (the exception is that u exists outside of the chip, on a' b"programming diskette. that's seriously wrong. u_1 and u_2 should be" b"loaded onto the chip separately.) to those who disagree (and i don't" b'claim my answer is obvious, though i found my own reasoning' b'sufficiently persuasive that i was forced to rewrite the conclusions' b'section of my technical analysis paper i had originally blasted the' b'scheme), i issue this invitation: assume that you were charged with' b'implementing such a system, with complete regard for civil rights and' b'due process. what would you do differently? in answering this' b"question, please accept nsa's fundamental assumptions: that both" b'strong cryptography against outsiders, and the ability to wiretap' b'*some* domestic users, is necessary. (if you feel it necessary to' b'challenge those assumptions, do it in the context of the last issue i' b"present below. right here, i'm discussing *just* the technical" b"aspects. and no, i don't by any means claim that just because" b'something can be done, it should be.)' b'' b'the second issue is whether or not this whole architecture is actually' b"going to be used. just because clipper chips are made this way doesn't" b"mean that that's the only way they'll be made. maybe the nsa will" b'substitute its own chips between the programming facility and the' b"shipping dock. and they'll generate bogus warrant requests, so that" b"the escrow agents don't wonder why they've never called. (``sorry," b'guys; all them terrorists and drug dealers and pedophiles seem to have' b"bought triple-des phones instead. who'd 'a' thunk it?'') i have no" b"answer to this question, and at the moment, i don't see a way of" b'answering it. those concerns are part of my reasoning in my answer' b'to the final question, below.' b'' b'the third, and most serious issue, is whether or not clipper is a good' b'idea even if carried out strictly according to the letter of the law.' b"i think that the answer is no, but it's not a no-brainer. i'm a civil" b'libertarian, not a libertarian, for reasons that i explained at great' b"length on the net in the elder days, and that i don't have the energy" b"to repeat now. but that means that i'm willing to accept that some" b'laws are necessary, so long as they respect the essential rights of' b'individuals. the government already has the ability and in our' b'system the right to issue search warrants, and while that power has' b"certainly been abused, it's also been used quite properly and fairly in" b'other cases. is key escrow sufficiently different? i think so but' b"again, it's not an easy question for me. (it is easy for libertarians" b'to answer, of course, since clipper is completely alien to much of the' b"rest of their (oft-admirable) philosophy. and it's also easy for those" b"who give their unreserved trust to government, a group i'm much more" b'distant from.)' b'' b'' b'--steve bellovin' 