b'' b'hello all,' b"i thought you all might like to see this. it's a letter from jerry" b'berman to david chaum from november of in response to' b'information that mr. chaum sent to mr. berman.' b'' b'while i have to congratulate eff for its prompt response to the' b"clipper chip announcement from the white house, i think it's important" b'to recognize the philosophy of their executive director, as explained' b'below.' b'' b"i agree that legal remedies are important, but when pressed, i'd" b'prefer to retain the ability to use purely technical solutions to' b"preserve my privacy, because they'll hold up under fire." b'' b'mr. chaum has consented to the publication of this letter on the net.' b'' b"i don't work for, nor am i a member of eff, aclu, or any similar" b'organizations, but i do agree with them on a great many things.' b'' b'--aristophanes' b'' b'----------' b'' b'' b'american civil liberties union' b'' b'' b'washington office' b'' b'122 maryland avenue, ne' b'november washington, dc b'--------------------' b'national headquarters' b'mr. david chaum west 43rd street' b'centre for mathematics and computer science new york. ny b'p.o. box b'19o9 ab amsterdam norman dorsen' b'president' b'dear mr. chaum: ira glasser' b'executive director' b'eleanor holmes norton' b'chair' b'national advisory' b'council' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'thank you for sending me a most interesting article. a' b'society of individuals and organizations that would expend the' b"time and resources to use a series of 'digital pseudonyms' to" b'avoid data linkage does not in my opinion make big brother' b'obsolete but acts on the assumption that big brother is ever' b'present. i view your system as a form of societal paranoia.' b'' b'as a matter of principle, we are working to enact formal' b'legal protections for individual privacy rather than relying on' b'technical solutions. we want to assume a society of law which' b'respects legal limits rather than a society that will disobey the' b'law, requiring citizens to depend on technical solutions. e.g.' b'require a judical warrant for government interception of data' b'communications rather than encrypt all messages on the assumption' b'that regardless of the lawt the government will abuse its power' b'and invade privacy.' b'' b'as a matter of practicality, i do not think your system' b'offers much hope for privacy. first, the trend toward universal' b'identifiers is as much.-a movement generated by government or' b"industry's desire to keep track of all citizens as it is by" b'citizens seeking simplicity and convenience in all transactions.' b'at best, your system would benefit the sophisticated and most' b'would opt for simplicity. the poor and the undereducated would' b'never use or benefit from it.' b'' b"finally where there's a will, there's a way. if government" b'wants to link data bases, it will, by law, require the disclosure' b'of various individual pseudonyms used by citizens or prohibit it' b'for data bases which the government wants to link. since' b'corporations make money by trading commercial lists with one' b'another, they will never adopt the system or if it is adopted,' b'will use "fine printn contracts to permit selling various codes' b'used by their customers to other firms.' b'' b'the solution remains law, policy, and consensus about limits' b'on government or corporate intrusion into areas of individual' b'autonomy. technique can be used to enforce that consensus or to' b'override it. it cannot be used as a substitute for such' b'consensus.' b'' b'' b'' b'sincerely yours,' b'' b'/sig/' b'' b'jerry j. berman' b'chief legislative counsel' b'& direrector aclu' b'privacy technology project' b'' b'' b'cc: john shattuck' b'' b'' b'' b'' 