b'' b"yes. i'm not sure if my xposting to comp.speech made it to here too, but" b"i've found that a low sample rate samples/sec at bits per sample)" b"plus the pd 'shorten' lossless sound compression code actually does get" b'speech into 14.4k with a simdgen left over. this is *definitely* worth' b'working on, folks. and shorten works in well under real-time.' b'' b"i don't think that this should be worked on just in the context" b"of cryptography. that's sure to pose all sorts of problems for all sorts" b'of people.' b'' b"what's needed is for someone to develop a portable telephone" b'quality speech<-rs232 converter. imagine, if you will, a little box that' b'takes data on its serial port and puts out sound, and takes sound and codes' b'it to signals on its serial port. full duplex. now, this device is not a' b"cryptographic device. it's a portable poor man's sound blaster or whatever" b"you want to call it. it's got loads of perfectly legitimate applications" b'for:' b'a) speech synthesis (with a few nifty libraries and some samples)' b'b) speech recording for electronic messaging' b'c) building voicemail systems' b'd) internet talk radio' b'e) internet relay chat' b'' b'of course, some of the electronic messaging in item b might be' b"encrypted, possibly realtime, but that's the user's decision. one would" b'need of these talky boxes and a pair of modems and some kind of cutout' b'to switch over, and some code on, say, a laptop.' b'' b"i'd really like to see such a thing developed so that interactive" b'internet talk radio could be done. ideally, though, it should be a general' b'purpose device. it should be a general purpose enough device that nobody' b'should be able to balk at its widespread use. obviously, to make it easy' b'for homebrewers, it should use pretty common hardware.' b'' b"it's interesting to note that i'd already talked with a couple" b'of folks about building such a thing, before this whole clipper thing' b'started. i even went so far as to track down a couple of folks who are' b"able to make sample units, given incentive and some time. i'd envisioned" b'finding a couple of folks interested in such a project and helping fund' b'development of a public domain board layout and parts set, that could' b'be published in the form of cad drawings for a couple of major cad' b'packages, and in postscript.' b'' b"anyone interested? i'll start a provisional mailing list. let" b'me know if you want on.' b'' b'mjr.' 