b'' b' ah, but developing cryptosystems which are specificially designed to' b"protect the government's domestic spying capabilities takes them beyond" b'that mandate, into the forbidden field of domestic wiretapping.' b'' b'' b'unlike the cia, the nsa has no prohibition against domestic spying. read' b"bamford's the puzzle palace." b'' b"i did. you're mistaken. nsa's communications intelligence mission is" b"strictly against foreign governments. here's an excerpt from the enabling" b'charter oct truman) that should clarify this. the charter was' b'declassified in about feb when an foia request made it public. mind' b"you, i don't know that they never collect anything they're not supposed" b"to... but spying on us citizens isn't in their charter." b'' b'b. the comint mission of the national security agency' b'(nsa) shall be to provide an effective, unified organization' b'and control of the communications intelligence activities of' b'the united states conducted against foreign governments, to' b'provide for integrated operational policies and procedures' b'pertaining thereto. as used in this directive, the terms' b'"communications intelligence" or "comint" shall be construed' b'to mean all procedures and methods used in the interception' b'of communications other than foreign press and propaganda' b'broadcasts and the obtaining of information from such' b'communications by other than intended recipients, but shall' b'exclude censorship and the production and dissemination of' b'finished intelligence.' b'' b"they're also tasked with protecting the us's communications, but i haven't" b"seen the specific enabling memo on that. i assume that's the role under" b'which skipjack was developed.' b'' b"nsa is not in the standard-setting business, though that's why this" b'clipper stuff came from nist, which i believe is tasked with coming up' b'with standards based on their best inputs from other government agencies,' b'which would include nsa.' b'--' b'jim gillogly' b'mersday, thrimidge s.r. 