b'' b'i received a fax of a letter from representative markey (subcommittee on' b'telecommunications and finance) to ron brown (secretary of commerce). since' b'encryption and the clipper chip are raised in this letter, i felt it would be' b'of interest. i understand that on april, mr. markey will be holding a' b'hearing on the questions raised in this letter. there may also be a follow-on' b"hearing dedicated to the clipper chip, but that's not definite." b'' b"i've typed in the letter, which follows. any errors in transcription are" b'mine...' b'' b'---' b'glenn tenney' b'voice: fax: b'' b'------------------ letter of interest follows b'' b'april b'' b'the honorable ronald h. brown' b'secretary' b'department of commerce' b'14th and pennsylvania ave., nw' b'washington, dc b'' b'dear secretary brown:' b'' b'as you know, i have long been interested in the privacy' b'and security of telecommunications transmissions and data in' b'a networked environment. recent reports concerning the' b"administration's endorsement of an electronic encryption" b'standard, based upon "clipper chip" technology, have raised a' b'number of related issues. the international competitiveness' b'of u.s. high tech manufacturers and the software industry is' b'a key factor that the government should consider when' b'addressing issues of encryption and data security. as the' b'nation moves forward in developing the national' b'communications and information infrastructure, security of' b'telecommunications transmissions and network data will be an' b'increasingly important factor for protecting the privacy of' b'users.' b'' b'the "hacker" community can compromise the integrity of' b'telecommunications transmissions and databases linked by the' b"network. the people and businesses that use the nation's" b'telecommunications network and the personal computers linked' b'through it increasingly are demanding that information be' b'protected against unauthorized access, alteration, and theft.' b'' b"i am concerned that the administration's plan may mean" b'that to remain competitive internationally, u.s. companies' b'would be compelled to develop two products one for u.s.' b'government customers, and another for private, commercial' b'users who may want a higher encryption standard. this may' b'inadvertently increase costs to those u.s. companies hoping' b"to serve both markets. to assist the subcommittee's analysis" b'of this issue, please respond to the following questions:' b'' b'1. has the encryption algorithm or standard endorsed by the' b'administration been tested by any entity other than nsa, nist' b'or the vendor? if so, please identify such entities and the' b'nature of testing performed. if not, please describe any' b'plans to have the algorithm tested by outside experts and how' b'such experts will be chosen.' b'' b"2. under the administration's plan, what entities will be the" b'holders of the "keys" to decrypt scrambled data? what' b'procedures or criteria will the administration utilize to' b'designate such key holders?' b'' b'3. does the encryption algorithm endorsed by the' b'administration contain a "trap door" or "back door," which' b'could allow an agency or entity of the federal government to' b'crack the code?' b'' b'4. it is clear that over time, changes in technologies used' b'for communications will require new techniques and additional' b'equipment. how will encryption devices adapt to the rapid' b'advancement of telecommunications technology?' b'' b'5. what additional costs would the proposed encryption place' b'on the federal government? what is the estimated cost to' b'consumers and businesses which opt for the federal standard' b'in their equipment?' b'' b"6. what is the commerce department's assessment of the" b"competitive impact of the administration's endorsement of the" b'"clipper chip" technology on u.s. exports of computer and' b'telecommunications hardware and software products?' b'' b'i would appreciate your response by no later than close-' b'of-business, wednesday, april if you have any' b'questions, please have your staff contact colin crowell or' b'karen colannino of the subcommittee staff at b'' b'sincerely,' b'' b'edward j. markey' b'chairman' b'' b'###' b'--' b'glenn tenney' b'voice: fax: 