b'' b"sorry, my news reader doesn't seem to know how to copy a subject header." b'this tracks the thread "why people don\'t need strong crypto....."' b'' b'the atomic energy act of expressly forbids *thinking* about building' b'nuclear devices. while i was in grad school, a friend of mine got a' b'security clearance to work on the defense for the progressive magazine.' b'he found lots of articles which were public domain *removed* from the' b'local engineering library (madison wisconsin). so the lawyers sent him' b'all over the states to other libraries to show that the information in' b'the article was already public. what pissed everyone off was a local' b'underground paper went and published the article anyway (it had been' b"precensored by the feds, that's what this was all about) so the judge" b'declared the case moot.' b'' b'the atomic energy act of has never been tested in court. from my' b'discussions with several people familiar with the case, only other' b'times has this preemptive clause been used. in every case the people' b'simply did what they felt like and courts tossed the cases out.' b'' b'for all intents and purposes, the government *does* have precidence for' b'declaring things classified *after* it has been published. while i was' b'working on star wars this happened to me: my clearance was in the works' b'and i developed a method for tracking particle beams. it was good enough' b'to classify, so i was no longer allowed to work on it. a friend from' b'canada was in the same boat: he developed a method to compute stripping' b'cross sections, but because the subject was classified *he was not allowed' b'to present his own paper at a conference!*. he later published it in an' b'open journal without problems.' b'' b'when the going gets wierd, the wierd turn pro. the feds can do whatever' b'they want whenever they feel like it, and they will make up rules to let' b"themselves get away with it. since the mass media can't tell the difference" b'between a joke and the real thing (like "ranch appocolypse" for the waco' b"massacre) don't count on them to help spread the word about their loss" b'of freedom. the government *can* make strong crypto illegal. so what?' b'since the government does not obey any of its own rules, why should we?' b'' 