b'' b'(jerry han) writes:' b' guess what people? you live in one of the few countries in the world' b' where a person can complain without getting shot at.' b'' b"only guessing, but from his address i'd say that jerry, like" b'me, lives in canada. unlike me, he thinks that our friends in' b'the us enjoy the same freedom that we do, and he has not seen' b'the slow but steady erosion to the south of us.' b'' b'we have the benefit of relatively slow politicians and' b'ineffective law enforcement. our rednecks tend to be the' b"objects of derision rather than elected officials. it's" b'everything le can do to keep up with the real criminals. any' b"time they actually go after somebody just because they don't" b"like his or her attitude, it's national news (it also often" b'blows up in their faces: eg. the well-intentioned but flawed' b'zundel case, which resulted in a scolding from the supreme' b'court, not only to le for prosecuting the case but to' b'parliament for passing the law it was prosecuted under).' b'' b"our friends south of the border don't have as easy a time of" b'it. among other things they have as many le agencies as we' b'have agencies, and some of them have teeth. they also have the' b'war on drugs which gives law-enforcement agencies exceptional' b"powers to ignore individuals' rights (the dea has more" b'arbitrary power than that given to canadian agencies under the' b"war measures act). we have the rcmp and csis who can't stop" b'fighting each other long enough to do any really effective' b"suppression of private citizens' rights. not only that, our" b'police commissions have teeth, as i learned when i had to fend' b'off a bent cop.' b'' b'it may be ironic that the nation founded on life, liberty and' b'the pursuit of happiness is getting government-imposed order,' b'while the nation founded on peace, order and good government' b'is getting in-your-face liberty.' b'' b"that's not to say our time won't come. it looks like chretien" b'is going to run on a law-and-order platform. be afraid.' b'' b'cheers,' b'marc' b'' b'---' b'automation architect cis:71441,2226' b'r.r.1, oxford mills, ontario, canada nc freenet: aa185' b'' b'-----begin pgp public key block-----' b'mqbnaiqxytkaaaecalfehyp0yc80s1scfvjspj5escao+hihtnefrrn+vuecsavh' b'aauwpiugyv2n8n+lftpnnlc42ms+c8pjupykvi8abrg0i01hcmmgvghpymf1bhqg' b'pg1hcmnadgfuzgeuaxnpcy5vcmc+' b'=hlnv' b'-----end pgp public key block-----' b'' 