b'' b'' b" the serial number will be in a bit block, with a bit filler. doesn't" b' take a lot to check to see if that is correct.' b'' b'depends on whether the filler is a constant (makes checking easy,' b'but susceptible to replay), or variable (e.g. timer, counter, random),' b'which makes replay harder and can also make it easier for the' b"inquisitors to know if they've missed messages, or gotten them out of" b'sequence, or other interesting things that sort of person might care about.' b'' b"i'd use a secret (nope, obscure) cryptographic encoding to expand the" b'30 bit serial number to a bit block. the redundancy hereby introduced' b'can be used to detect tampered clipper signals where some public enemy' b'replaced the l.e. block by random data.' b'' b'and of course the l.e. block would be used to initialise the encryption' b'of the user data so that at the receiving end the correct l.e. block must' b'be processed in order to have any chance of getting the plaintext back.' b'' b'for those of you who might want to mangle the l.e. block (e.g. by xor-ing' b'a constant pattern) on the transmission line and restore it before feeding' b'it into the receiving crippler chip i would add further encrypted copies' b'of this block (perhaps created by repeated application of the encryption' b'algorithm or so) at regular intervals during the transmission. if the' b'receiving chip detects a mismatch it must assume that the line is bad and' b'it will cease to work; in your own interest you are protected from getting' b"faulty plaintext, you know it's just like a checksum for your own" b'safety b'' b"the `monitoring agencies' won't have the famous black box which is needed" b'for actual decryption and will be kept by the fbi; but nothing prevents' b'them from using special boxes which will do the redundancy check for the' b'serial number block and consistency checks on the embedded l.e. blocks' b'within the transmission. these boxes will turn a red light on as soon as' b'they detect a bitstream that violates the correct protocol.' b'' b"so don't anyone think that you can use the chip and fool l.e. about the" b'tapping key i bet the developpers have provided much better checks' b"than those suggested above. of course it's absolutely crucial that the" b'algorithms (and protocols) remain secret. personally i doubt they will.' b'' b'--' b'"i am psmith." "oh, you\'re smith, are you?" "with a preliminary' b'p. which, however, is not sounded." p.g.wodehouse' 