b'' b'<:' b'<: as a private citizen, i would feel much more "secure in my person and' b'<: papers" knowing that an organization committed to individual civil' b'<: liberties- the aclu and the nra come to mind- was safeguarding half of' b'<: my key. both the aclu and the nra are resistent to government pressure' b'<: by the simple expedient fact that they are not supported, funded, or' b'<: overtly controlled by the government.' b'<: b'<thats one problem that has so far been overlooked. these two escrow' b'<agencies will have to create a secure database and service the' b'<input and output of keys. who pays for this? if they refuse an' b'<illegal request from some congressman to deliver a key can their' b'<budget by cut to punish them? will congress be forced to fund' b'<them forever?' b'' b"congress isn't forced to do anything. not even follow their own rules," b"if it isn't expedient. if caught with their collective pants down," b'they make some funny noises, perhaps crucify a skapegoat or two, then' b'continue business as usual. i notice those senators involved with' b"the s&l scandal weren't hurt too much, if at all. deconcini's personal" b"stake in suppliers to those big aerostats hasn't affected his credibility" b'at all, inside congress, at least. he is still pushing his police state' b'agenda...' b'' b'<the problem is that laws can change. congress may pass a law setting' b'<up an escrow agency with instructions that keys are private. some' b'<future congress may change that law. suppose pre-nazi germany had' b'<a clipper system. do you think the escrow agencies would have' b'<told hitler that he could not have the keys without a valid' b'<court order?' b'' b'it will be like the old saw in new jersey and new york, chicago, etc' b'when the politicians promised that this spiffy new gun registration law' b'will not be used for future confiscation purposes. sure enough, a few' b'years later, when they were used just for that purpose, and folks' b'complained, the response was "well, *i* didn\'t make that promise..."' b'some politicians may not even wait a few years... escrowed keys would' b'have the same assurances of security. besides, if someone wants to' b"snoop, how are you to know you don't think they will send you a letter" b'saying "we are now snooping on your private conversations...", do you?' b'what are the assurances the escrow people will not be forbidden to' b"report any access attempts for one's keys?" b'' b'so much for government assurances of privacy.' b'' b'<in effect you must set up escrow agencies as a fourth branch of' b'<the goverment and isolate them from any outside interferance.' b'<they will be able to directly tap into federal funds with no' b'<accountability to anyone except through a court challenge.' b'' b'how? the feds will just change the law, or just ignore it. nothing' b'new here... they got the muscle, the resources, the guns...' b'' b'as an aside, since export of crypto is verboten because of itar,' b"shouldn't the second amendment also come into play here?" b'' b'<john eaton' b'<!hp-vcd!johne' b'' b'--' b'if all else fails, try: ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat' b'wisdom: "only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,' b'and i am not sure about the former." albert einstien' 