b'' b'' b'how come the media is not telling about the provisions of the clipper' b'decision? b'' b'how can the bulk of the people be informed, when the media refuses to' b'do it?' b'' b'the answer to your second question lies in the way you phrased the' b"first one: 'the media is...'." b'' b"the medis isn't 'is'. the media 'are'. 'media' means 'more than one" b"medium.' there are thousands of publications. some say this, some say" b'that.' b'' b" how can the bulk of the people be informed, when they won't read" b' informative publications?' b'' b"because much of the public aren't even aware of the names of informative" b"publications. look at the 'wealth' of material on the typical newsstand." b'unless the person is working in some kind of technical environment, with' b'the usual trade journals, all they ever see is the media (note: media' b'in this context is the popular media tv, radio, daily newspapers, and' b'such publications as time, newsweek, and all that). and they all say' b'pretty much the same thing. i see most of them being in the range of' b'center-left to far left, and generally supportive of pie-in-sky' b'we-will-take- care-of-you-think-for-you-cradle-to-grave. there seems' b'to be an air of arrogance that the individual is not capable of' b"understanding major issues so the media doesn't bother to inform them" b'(as with clipper, for example) or tells the people how to interpret' b'events in others. what is lost sight of is that the people are not good' b'at understanding things because they are not told accurate information' b'about them. it is a lot to expect of the people for them to be' b'clarirvoyant. for example, i would have been unaware of clipper had' b'i not picked it up on usenet. how much of the population has usenet,' b'let alone internet access?' b'' b'for access to better publications, the person has to spend time digging.' b'many folks, especially who work long hours, have families, etc., do not' b'have time to go digging, and many are not (yet) aware things are wrong,' b'so are not motivated to dig. not saying its right, just saying that is' b"the way things are. people aren't upset about things when they aren't" b'told. and the less than objective media is a major contributer to the' b'problem.' b'' b'and then compound that with an attitude of arrogance in the civil service' b'(bureaucrats, politicians) that act as if the person without political' b'connections, or deep pockets (potential contributer) should have few if' b'any rights, being a resource to be used by those in control for their' b'polticial or financial gain. some law enforcement agencies act as if' b'they regard the common person with a rather intense degree of contempt,' b'peons that are supposed to do what they are told, and get very nasty' b'when someone questions them. the media pundits/editors, etc tend to' b'fall into those with privilege, and tend to not be upset by the current' b'state of affairs. the fellow in dc, who shot the swimmer in his jacuzzi' b'for daring to swim in it, with an illegally owned gun (violating the law' b'he pushed to be foisted on everyone else), ends up walking where a less' b'well-connected person would have been crucified. a typical example of' b"one standard for 'us', a much more restrictive standard for 'other folk'." b'' b'perhaps i am not real eloquent in expressing this, but the solution' b'sure as hell is not to make it harder for people to find out what is' b'going on, or dismiss their concerns because one happens to be in a position' b'where one feels they are exempt or insulated. such as that hypocrite of' b'a journalist in dc described above. one notices that these less-than' b'complimentary points about that double-standard was not covered in the' b'media. i feel the reason was it dovetailed with their political views' b"on the subject, and it involved a 'brother' journalist." b'' b"isn't it time for our 'objective' media, the main source of info for the" b'average person, to start being what they claim to be, instead of spin' b'doctors for the statist elements?' b'' b'--' b'' b'' b'--' b'if all else fails, try: ...!uunet!pilchuck!rwing!pat' b'wisdom: "only two things are infinite; the universe and human stupidity,' b'and i am not sure about the former." albert einstien' 