b'' b'items for sale.....' b'' b'this package was bought throught a award give-away company. i attempted' b'to cancel my order before i received the package, but i was too late and' b'the company refused to take the package back for refund. i know the truth' b'which i would never get my back, but i wish to get my money back as' b'close as possible. here is the describtion of the package...' b'' b'nishika 3d camera\tit takes very good picture, never been opended' b'or used. it came with wide angle flesh, carring' b'case, film, and a instruction video. it has four' b'lens and created a 3d effect on a regular 35mm' b'film.' b'' b'jewelry\t\t\tit came with the package as additional gift.' b'' b'bahama vacation voucher\tthe voucher is good for two rt airfare to freeport.' b'the users get a special hotel rate of per-person' b'per-night. meals, ground transfer, hotel tax is' b'_not_ included.' b'' b'las vegas, reno, orlando\tthe voucher provides one rt airfare, and' b'hotel accomodation for days/ nights.' b'meals, ground transfer, hotel tax is not' b'included. the voucher is good for all b"locations, but you can't travel to all b'places at once.' b'' b'cancun, mexico\t\tthe voucher provides one rt airfare, and hotel' b'accomodation for days nights. meals and' b'ground transfer, hotel tax is not included as' b'usual.' b'' b'i paid for the whole package. so try not to be cold-blooded when you' b'make your offer. details would be provided by request. i do wish to sell' b'the whole package at once. so if you are just looking for the vacation' b"vouchers, i don't care if you sell the camera to other for a higher pric" b'if you are interested in the camera, you could treat the vacation vouchers' b'as gift.' b'' b'if you receive a letter in your mail box which says that you are selected' b'to be part of the sweeptake and you have at least one out of five awards.' b'trust me, you would get the exactly the same package as i did. there is' b"only one award which will be given away. so don't bother even to call them" b'back, if you are really interested, you could get it from me for a cheaper' b'price. and you could receive the package within a week i waited three' b'months to get my first and final packages). also, they would ask for your' b'credit card number and you have to pay for the interest to the credit' b'card company. so why spend more than you should when you could get them' b'from me for a cheaper price.' b'' b'if you are interested, please reply to me as soon as posible. i really' b'wish to get this over with. make me an offer, if i am confortable with' b'your offer, i would send the package by u.p.s. the next day morning.' b'more details could be given if you wish.' b'' b'' b'douglas kou' b'hiram college' b'' 