b'' b'' b'' b'time to clear out some miscellaneous lenses, cameras and photo stuff' b"that's not being used. some are gems, some are mundane." b'' b'' b"minolta af lens for maxxum cameras. new lens, but i guess it'd" b'be best to call it a "demo" since i did not get the literature, box or' b'warranty cards. b'' b'vivitar 2x converter for nikon f or ai lenses. pretty cute "flip back"' b'tang so it will work with all manual focus nikon lenses and bodies.' b'it will even couple (and double) a non-ai lens to an ai body. b'' b"pentax screwmount lens. well actually it's a super-takumar which" b'is what they all were back then. very mint condition. nice hard' b'case for this lens more..' b'' b'alpex lens. beautifully made, all metal construction with fine' b'optics. minolta mount. another hard case that fits this with' b'strap can be added..call it more.' b'' b'vivitar flash. the one that made vivitar famous (until the b'eclipsed it). tilt head, removable sensor, variable auto exposure.' b'$30.' b'' b'universal "roamer folding old "bellows" camera with leather case.' b'uses or film, 100mm f6.3 lens. kinda cool articulated shutter' b'release. decent shape. b'' b'weston lightmeter. nothin super fancy, but it works well, and is a' b'good cross check to built in meters. with case and strap.' b'' b'and finally..the "gems"' b'' b'pentax auto camera with 24mm f2.8 lens. this is the little' b'(and i do mean tiny) slr that pentax made. has interchangeable lenses,' b'but try and find the zoom, true through the lens viewing with' b'split image focus, and completely auto exposure. b'' b'olympus 35rc rangefinder camera. a really cute little camera with 42mm' b'lens (f2.8) with built in manual or auto exposure, self timer etc. i' b"think this was the predecessor to the xa and it's nearly all metal." b"i won't mind holding onto this one if it doesn't sell. b'' b'olympus om-1 with flash shoe, leatherette case, zuiko lens, and' b'tokina sd (super dispersion) lens. these are all in very nice to' b'mint condition, except for one little ding on the om body near the film' b'advance lever. lenses are perfect, and the tokina is a very compact,' b'and sharp lens. for the set.' b'' b'' b"that'll do to clean out some of the stuff. feel free to offer on this" b'stuff, although the cheaper stuff is priced to cover my hassle in' b'shipping it..' b'' b'for more details call or email.' b'' b'--' b'alan l. peterman hm work' b"it's odd how as i get older, the days are longer, but the years are shorter!" 