b'' b'i would like to sell some software. shipping is per order or more' b'games in the continental u.s. to canada. contact me for shipping' b'to other locations.' b'' b'contraption zack b'perfect condition. unregistered all docs/disks/packaging' b'a 3-d puzzle game with great animated graphics. your tools for' b'fixing up a manufacturing plant are hidden throughout the levels' b'and you must solve puzzles to get the tools and then use the tools' b'to fix the machines. the levels are huge and span many screens.' b'the graphics are cartoony and humorous. color vga,mcga,' b'adlib,soundblaster,roland,3.5")' b'' b'legend of kyrandia b'perfect condition. unregistered all docs/disks/packaging' b'an adventure where you are the unknowing heir to the throne of' b'the kingdom of kyrandia. an evil jester has murdered your parents,' b'the king and queen, and attempted to take control of the kingdom,' b'only to be thwarted by a spell cast upon him by your grandfather' b'and three other magic users. you must travel to find each of the' b'magic users to gain use of an amulet that will help you to defeat' b'the jester. beautiful graphics and a great soundtrack. (vga,mcga,' b'adlib,sound blaster,soundblaster pro,mt-32/lapc-1,3.5")' b'' b'spirit of excalibur by virgin mastertronic b'good condition. all docs/disks/packaging.' b'a fantasy game combining role-playing, adventure, and combat' b'simulation. you are the heir to the throne of britain after arthur' b'has died. you must re-unite the land under your rule and then' b'defend it against an invading army from the north. (ega, tandy, mcga,' b'vga, sound cards, b'' b'loom b'perfect condition. unregistered all docs/disks/packaging.' b'received a computer gaming world award for artistic achievement.' b'an adventure game where you play the role of a young weaver of' b'musical spells. you must save your fellow weavers from oblivion' b'by traveling through the land, casting spells, learning new spells' b'befriending people you meet, and foiling an evil plot. all' b'point and click no typing. every action in the game involves' b'casting your musical spells. (vga,ega,cga,mcga,tandy,adlib,cms sound,' b'5.25")' b'' b'dark seed\t\t\t\t\t$35' b'perfect condition, used very little. unregistered all docs/disks/' b'packaging. an adventure based on the surrealistic and macabre' b'artwork of h.r. giger the inspiration for alien, alien iii, and' b'poltergeist ii. you have just bought an old victorian house' b'at a bargain in a secluded town. you find that there is a portal' b'to a dark, sinister world in your house and a plot against the' b'world as you know it. you must save yourself and your world from' b'a horrible fate. gorgeous and gory high resolution graphics.' b'(vga,adlib,soundblaster,3.5")' b'' b'conquest of japan by impressions\t\t$30' b'brand new, used only once. unregistered all docs/disks/packaging.' b'simulation of samurai conquest. you play the role of a japanese' b"daimyo a lord. you control five cities on japan's main island," b'honshu. each provides money for you to buy armies, with which' b"you must conquer your enemy. battles are fought with impressions'" b'miniature system. you watch the individual samurai, mounted samurai,' b'spearmen, archers, and arquebusiers. (vga, adlib, 