b'' b'items for sale.....' b'' b'nishika 3d camera\tit takes very good picture, never been opended' b'or used. it came with wide angle flesh, carring' b'case, film, and a instruction video. it has four' b'lens and created a 3d effect on a regular 35mm' b'film.' b'' b'jewelry\t\t\tit came with the package as additional gift.' b'' b'bahama vacation voucher\tthe voucher is good for two rt airfare to freeport.' b'the users get a special hotel rate of per-person' b'per-night. meals, ground transfer, hotel tax is' b'_not_ included.' b'' b'las vegas, reno, orlando\tthe voucher provides one rt airfare, and' b'hotel accomodation for days/ nights.' b'meals, ground transfer, hotel tax is not' b'included. the voucher is good for all b"locations, but you can't travel to all b'places at once.' b'' b'cancun, mexico\t\tthe voucher provides one rt airfare, and hotel' b'accomodation for days nights. meals and' b'ground transfer, hotel tax is not included as' b'usual.' b'' b'' b'asking for or best offer...' b'' b'i paid for the whole package. and it is too late for me to get the' b'refund. i would sell it for for the whole package. details could be' b'provided by request. i do wish to sell the whole package at once. so if' b"you are just looking for the vacation vouchers, i don't care if you" b'sell the camera to other for a higher price. if you are interested in' b'the camera, you could treat the vacation vouchers as gift.' b'' b'some of you might receive a letter in your mail box which says that you' b'are selected to be part of the sweeptake and you have at least one out' b'of five awards. trust me, you would get the exactly the same package as' b"i did. there is only one award which will be given away. so don't" b'bother even to call them back, if you are really interested, you could' b'get it from me for a cheaper price. and you could receive the package' b'within a week i waited three months to get my first and final packages).' b'also, they would ask for your credit card number and you have to pay' b'for the interest to the credit card company. so why spend more than you' b'should when you could get them from me for a cheaper price.' b'' b'if you are interested, please reply to me as soon as posible. i really' b'wish to get this over with. make me an offer, if i am confortable with' b'your offer, i would send the package by u.p.s. the next day morning.' b'more details could be given if you wish.' b'' b'' b'douglas kou' b'hiram college' b'' 