b'' b"hey!!! i've just upgraded my laptop to a windows-capable one, so i" b"don't need my dos word processor anymore. it's a great word" b'processor. easy-to-use, undemanding on the system, and' b'best of all, it has a wysiwyg editing mode. this is something' b"word perfect doesn't have!! and all i'm asking is shipping." b'it even comes with several hundred dollars of free utilities!!!' b'' b'$65 for a full-featured wysiwyg word processor!!! perfect for' b'a laptop, or a lower powered machine!' b'' b'check this out:' b'ca it has:' b'ca wysiwyg-mode editing (word perfect still trying to do' b'ca this!)' b'ca graphics-importing, scaling, and resizing (comes' b'ca with free art!)' b'ca scalable fonts typefaces included!)' b'ca indentical from screen to printer! (see below for more info' b'ca on font generator)' b'ca on-line spell-checking and thesaurus' b'ca (see below for more info!)' b'ca great 10-level outliner!' b'ca multiple columns' b'ca dual-document opening and editing' b'ca line and box drawing' b'ca search and replace' b'ca cut, copy, insert, and paste between documents and inside' b'ca documents' b'ca justification control' b'ca resettable margins, tabs, and line-spacing' b'ca savable layouts' b'ca headers, footers, page numbering' b'ca table of contents' b'ca multiple rulers in one document' b'ca mail merge' b'ca' b'ca also included as free utilities:' b"ca publisher's powerpak font engine: this gives pfs:write" b'ca scalable fonts in sizes from 4pt to 72pt! support for' b'ca screen (in write) and printer (even 9-pin dot-matrix looks' b'ca great!). comes with typefaces. supports subscripts and' b'ca superscripts, too!' b'ca grammatik iv: the grammar and style' b'ca checker. comes with a quick reference card for easy use.' b'ca it really helped my punctuation and usage!' b"ca international correctspell english and roget's electronic" b'ca thesaurus: th dictionary and thesuarus pack is published by' b'ca the publishers of the american hertiage dictionary. if you' b"ca can't trust them with your words, who can you trust?" b'ca clickart business images: a sampler of the clickart' b'ca library. perfect for importing into pfs:write documents.' b'ca' b'ca i bought this product year ago for its easy to use' b'ca and turns out great-looking documents, even on a dot-matrix' b'ca printer. so if you want wysiwyg editing for your dos-computer' b'ca now, pfs:write is here!' b'ca' b"ca i'm looking to get it comes with full" b'ca documentation, registration cards, the box (its still in' b'ca good condition), both and disks for pfs:write' b'ca and grammatik, and the clickart on a disk. the' b'ca utilities pfs:write comes with are worth alone, so b'ca for a full-featured wp is a real bargain. buyer pays' b'ca shipping.' b'ca' b'ca or call b'ca' b'ca bryan dunne' b'' 