b'' b'' b'' b'im pleased to announce a new revolutionary device that allows you to' b'copy super nintendo and genesis games to floppy disk. then later' b'play from floppy disk with out the cart. this is a independent system' b'that interfaces with your snes or genesis.' b'' b'other features' b'' b'*store multiple copies of cart. save game to disk (up to saves to disk)' b'' b"*save your position in snes games that don't norally have a save feature" b'' b'*switch your snes into slow motion mode' b'' b'*use codes to get unlimited lives and other "cheats" in many games.' b'' b'the multi-game hunter is capable of copying both snes and genesis game' b'carts to standard ibm pc formated floppy disks. the games can them be played directly from the floppy disk. note:it does not require a pc' b'' b'full color on-screen icons and menus make operation for the mgh so simple' b'that even a child could operate it. options can be selected simply by choosing the selection with the game controller and pressin a button.' b'' b'add a game saver adapter to your system for more game playing power. the' b'game saver allows you to save your position to disk in almost any snes game!' b"reload your saved position any time. enable it's slow-motion feature for those really tough games." b'' b'for more control over game play, we have the game finger software. the' b'game finger software can give you unlimited lives or warp you to new levels in' b'your favorite snes games. bring back to life those really frustrating games.' b'' b'also if you know how to program asm code you can create your own' b'snes demos or games.' b'' b'mgh includes' b'' b'base unit,disk drive (high density drive), 16megabit ram, sram,' b'all adapters and comes ready to hook up to your gameing system.' b'' b'only thing not included is the power supply which you can pick up at' b'radio shack.' b'' b'all for only b'' b'disclamer' b'' b'the customer assumes all responsibility for the use and or misuse of this' b'product. we in no way encourage nor condone the use of this product for' b'software piracy. this device is intended soley for making legal backup' b'copies. neither nintendo or sega has giving official endorsement of the' b'products described herein.' b'' b'email me for more info or to make a purchase' b'.' b'' b'' 