b'' b'' b'for sale...:' b'' b'three software packages for ibm pc and compatible computers:' b'' b'' b'o wing commander deluxe edition' b'o includes secret missions b'o includes all original packaging, manuals' b'and disks' b'o includes registration card (so you can' b'send it in and register it in your name)' b'o original price for wing commander: b'o original price for secret missions i: b'o original price for secret missions ii: b'o total original price: b'o my asking price for all these of these' b'games together is b'o wing commander and the secret missions is a' b'battle and flight simulator set in space. it' b'includes all the standard fun things about' b'flight simulators, like taking off and landing' b'on carriers, flying of course and better' b'yet, it is also a battle simulator. it is a' b'lot of fun, indeed.' b'o an ibm pc or compatible with at least 640k, and' b'dual floppies or a hard drive is required.' b'' b'' b'o winway resume for windows' b'o includes all original packaging, manuals' b'and disks' b'o original price: b'o my asking price: b'o winway resume is a resume writing program for' b'windows. it is an excellent program (it got' b"me a job!) and running under the window's" b'interface makes it very, very easy to use. all' b'you do is answer a few questions, and print out' b'the results. in just a few minutes, you have a' b'beautifully and professionally designed resume.' b'o an ibm pc with windows or later installed' b'and mb of free hard disk space is required.' b'' b'' b'o more typefaces' b'o includes all original packaging, manuals' b'and disks' b'o original price: b'o my asking price: b'o more typefaces is a package of three typetype' b'font families (for a total of twelve fonts) for' b'windows the fonts included are: marque,' b'crystal and architech, and of course italic,' b'bold and bold italic versions are included with' b'all those fonts. because of the unique font' b'software included with the package, these fonts' b'can be used with either the morefonts typeface' b'program, adobe type manager, truetype, geoworks,' b'express publisher and coreldraw.' b'o an ibm pc with windows and a hard disk is' b'required if you want to use the typefaces in' b'truetype format. for all other formats, an' b'ibm pc and a hard disk with one of the programs' b'listed above is required.' b'' b'' b'if you are interested in any of these programs, please' b'either leave me email or call kirk peterson at b"anytime. if i don't answer, leave me a message on my answering" b"machine and i'll call you back. i will pay the shipping on all" b'of the programs to anywhere in the continental united states.' b'' b'thank you!' b'' b'' 