b'' b'o kenwood audiophile cassette tape deck' b'asking obo shipping, (original price i paid b'excellent condition, well maintained, rarely used.' b'' b'- model kx-900' b'- kenwood audiophile series (kenwood highend stereo component)' b'- programmable playback with memory system (used to program the playback' b'order if selection. program is stored in ram (random access memory)' b'system with digital display of the song being played)' b"- counter memory index (when this mode is selected, count of the" b'tape counter can be stored in memory. this function is useful when it' b"is necessary to stop of restart the tape at during fast forward" b'or rewind.' b'- search mode (searching for a selection, skipping a selection or' b'repeating a selection can be preformed at a touch.)' b'- time stand by switch (this is used along with an audio timer when an' b'unattended timer-recording or timer-playback is performed.)' b'- dolby nr with mpx filter' b'- bias adjustment (used to obtain optimum bias that matches the type of' b'type to be played)' b'- tape selector switch (cro2, fecr, normal, metal)' b'- rec mute key (when recording, press this key to delete undesired portions' b'between programs such as announcements and commercials. when this key' b'is pressed, the tape runs forwards for seconds to make an unrecorded' b'section, then the pause function automatically stops the tape. to' b'restart recording, press pause key once.)' b'- flurescent peak program meters' b'- rec level controls' b'- phone jack' b'- mic jacks' b'- input selector switch' b'- specs:' b'' b'type front loading stereo cassette deck w/ dolby nr system' b'track system track, 2-channel stereo/mono, recording/playback' b'heads record and playback head x (amorphous alloy)' b'erase head x (double gap ferrite)' b'motor motors' b'frequency response:' b'normol tape hz to hz hz to hzm db)' b'cro2 tape hz to hz hz to hzm db)' b'fecr tape hz to hz hz to hzm db)' b'metal tape hz to hz hz to hzm db)' b'signal to noise ratio:' b'dolby nr on db (metal tape)' b'dolby nr off db (metal tape)' b'harmonic distortion less that b'wow flutter (w.r.m.s.)' b'dimensions w: mm' b'h: mm' 