b'' b'tuesday april update' b'' b'this is my latest updated list of strange/bizzare/odd/independent comics' b'that i have for sale. as always, most are cover price, but some i will' b'actually look up in the guide to see "how much it is worth."' b'' b"this week's special:" b'youngspud (spoof comics)' b'oldblood/bragade (spoof comics)' b'' b'spoofs of your favorite image comics. both of these comics for' b'$5.00 which includes shipping.' b'' b'' b'a1 (featuring tank-girl) b'adventurers (aricel and adventure series)' b'the adventures of luther arkwright b'after apocalypse b'alias blastpoint' b'alien nation b'angryman b'animal man trade paperback (issues b'anything but monday b'apache dick b'ape nation b'arion the immortal b'atlantis chronicles b'avengers annual b'avengers west coast b'back to the future (cartoon adaption)' b'badaxe b'bade biker orson b'batman: shadow of the bat (in polybag)' b'batman vs predator b'batman: year one' b'bats, cats cadillacs b'beer nutz b'bizarre 3-d zone b'blackhawk book b'black scorpion b'blackthorne publishing flip-book b'blood sword dynasty b"bob's favorite comics b'boof (caliber) b'boris the bear b'boris the bear (slaughters the teenage radioactive black belt...)' b'big numbers b'blackhawk b'breathtaker b'butt biscuit b'cadillacs dinosaurs b'cage b"cap'n quick a foozle b'cosmic odyssey' b'crossroads b'cyberpunk b'dark horse presents b'desert storm: send hussein to hell! b'dragon chiang' b'dungeoneers b'elflord vol no b'elftrek b'enchanter (eclipse) b'eye of mogambo' b'felix the cat b'fire team b'fish police b'flash gordon b'fly b'french ice b'full throttle b'gajit gang b'gambit b'gatekeeper b'get lost b'ghost rider captain america: fear' b'give me liberty b'godzilla b'the greatest flash stories ever told' b'green arrow ann b'greenhaven b'green hornet b'green lantern b'grey b'grimjack b'grimjack casefiles b'guardians of the galaxy b'hammer of god b'hamster vice b'harley rider b'haunt of fear b'hercules unbound b'hollywood superstars b'i saw it' b'i am legend' b'icarus b'icon b'idol b'illuminatus b'in-country nam b'interface (epic) b'intruder (tsr comics module) b'invaders from home b'invaders from mars (eternity) b'jademan kung-fu special b'jaguar b'jason monarch b'jeremiah: birds of prey b"john byrne's next men b'judge dredd b'justice machine b'justy b"kicker's inc" b'kid cannibal (eternity) b'kobra b'labor force (blackthorne) b'last american (epic) b'last generation b'last of the viking heroes b'legend of the shield b'legend killer b'legend of kamui b'lensman b'lethargic comics, weakly b'light and darkness war b'living stone mountain' b'loner b'lords of the ultra-realms b'lucifer b'm.a.c.h. (fleetway) secret weapon b'master b'maxwell mouse follies b'maze b'merlin b'meta-4 (first) b'metal bikini (eternity) b'metropol b'miami mice (marke bode)' b'midnite the rebel skunk b'mister e b"mr. monster's true crime b'ms. tree (renagade) b'ms. tree in 3-d' b'ms. tree quarterly (dc) b'mummy b'mummy,s curse (aricel) b'myth conceptions b'nathaniel dusk b'nathan impaler: monster hunter (night realm) b'nemesis the warlock (quality) b'new beginning b'new frontier b'newstralia b'new triumph featuring northguard b'new york year zero b'night life (caliber) b'night zero (fleetway) b'ninja elite (adventure) b'nosferatu b'official buz sawyer b'official prince valiant b'olympians b'one b'open season b'open space b'oracle b'original black cat b"ox cow o' war b'pandora pill b'panorama b'pathways to fantasy b'patrick rabbit b'penguin in paris b'personality comics presents musics comics on tour the beatles b'personality comics presents rolling stones' b'pineapple army b'planet of the apes b'portia prinz of the glamazons b'psycho killers (comic zone) (richard ramirez' b'punisher and captain america: blood and glory b'question (dc) b'red heat b'retief b'rhudiprrt the prince of fur b'rivit (blackthorne) b'robocop vs. the terminator b'rock and roll comics (david bowie)' b'rockin rollin miner ants (fate) b"roger rabbit's toontown b'runners (rip off press) b'sable (first) b'same slade robohunter' b'samurai son of death' b'scarlet kiss b'scavengers (quality) b'scorched earth b'scout: war shaman b'screen monsters b'sensational she-hulk (marvel graphic novel b'shatterpoint (eternity) b'shuriken b'shuriken cold steel b'silverfawn b'sinbad (adventure) book the four trials b'sisterhood of steel b'skreemer (dc) b'slaine' b'slash maraud b'song of the cid (caliber) b'sonic disrupters b'space ark b'spellbinders (quality) b'spider b'spider-man special (vs. venom, unicef giveaway b'spider-man and power pack (giveaway)' b'spoof (spawn spoof)' b'st george b'stalkers (epic) b'stark future (aricel) b'starriors b'steed mrs peel b'straw men (all-american) b'street wolf b'super shark humanoids b'survivors b'swords of shar-pei b'syphons b'tales from the aniverse b'tales of ordinary madness b'tales of the green hornet b'tales of the jackalope b'thundersaur b'tomb of dracula b'torrid affairs b'toxic avenger b'transmutation of ike garuda b'trekker b'trouble with tigers (antarctic) b'twilight man (first) b'2000 ad showcase b'ufo alien contact (comic zone) b'ultra klutz b'unicorn isle b'valkyrie b'anne rice: interview with a vampire b'anne rice: vampire companion b'anne rice: vampire lestat b'venus wars b'video jack b'violent cases' b'wacky squirrel summer fun special b'wanderers b'war b'warheads b'warlock (aricel) b'wasteland b'web b'weird b'wizards of the last resort b'world without end b'x-terminators b'zell sworddancer b'zorro b'' b'most comics are in near mint to mint condition, are bagged in shiny' b'polypropylene bags, and backed with white acid free boards. shipping is' b'$1.50 for one book, for more than one book, or free if you order' b'a large enough amount of stuff. i am willing to haggle.' b'' b'i have thousands and thousands of other comics, so please let me know what' b"you've been looking for, and maybe i can help." b'' b'i will trade for other comics as well as computer equipment, video' b'equipment, etc... let me know what you want to trade!!' b'' b'--' 