b'' b'(reference line trimmed)' b'' b'' b'[...]' b'' b'there is a good deal more confusion here. you started off with the' b'assertion that there was some "objective" morality, and as you admit' b'here, you finished up with a recursive definition. murder is' b'"objectively" immoral, but eactly what is murder and what is not itself' b'requires an appeal to morality.' b'' b'yes.' b'' b'now you have switch targets a little, but only a little. now you are' b'asking what is the "goal"? what do you mean by "goal?". are you' b'suggesting that there is some "objective" "goal" out there somewhere,' b'and we form our morals to achieve it?' b'' b'well, for example, the goal of "natural" morality is the survival and' b'propogation of the species. another example of a moral system is' b'presented within the declaration of independence, which states that we' b'should be guaranteed life liberty and the pursuit of happiness. you see,' b'to have a moral system, we must define the purpose of the system. that is,' b'we shall be moral unto what end?' b'' b'murder is certainly a violation of the golden rule. and, i thought i had' b'defined murder as an intentional killing of a non-murderer, against his will.' b'and you responded to this by asking whether or not the execution of an' b'innocent person under our system of capital punishment was a murder or not.' b'i fail to see what this has to do with anything. i never claimed that our' b'system of morality was an objective one.' b'i thought that was your very first claim. that there was' b'some kind of "objective" morality, and that an example of that was' b"that murder is wrong. if you don't want to claim that any more," b"that's fine." b'' b'well, murder violates the golen rule, which is certainly a pillar of most' b'every moral system. however, i am not assuming that our current system' b'and the manner of its implementation are objectively moral. i think that' b"it is a very good approximation, but we can't be perfect." b'' b"and by the way, you don't seem to understand the difference between" b'"arbitrary" and "objective". if keith schneider "defines" murder' b"to be this that and the other, that's arbitrary. jon livesey may" b'still say "well, according to my personal system of morality, all' b'killing of humans against their will is murder, and wrong, and what' b'the legal definition of murder may be in the usa, kuweit, saudi' b'arabia, or the prc may be matters not a whit to me".' b'' b'well, "objective" would assume a system based on clear and fundamental' b'concepts, while "arbitary" implies no clear line of reasoning.' b'' b'keith' 