b'' b'(reference line trimmed)' b'' b'' b"first, i'll make the assumption that you agree that a murderer is one" b'who has commited murder.' b'' b"well, i'd say that a murderer is one who intentionally committed a murder." b'for instance, if you put a bullet into a gun that was thought to contain' b'blanks, and someone was killed with such a gun, the person who actually' b"performed the action isn't the murderer (but i guess this is actually made" b'clear in the below definition).' b'' b"i'd be interested to see a more reasonable definition." b'' b'what do you mean by "reasonable?"' b'' b"otherwise, your inductive definition doesn't bottom out:" b'your definition, in essence, is that' b'murder is the intentional killing of someone who has not commited' b'murder, against his will.' b"expanding the second occurence of `murder' in the above, we see that" b'[...]' b'' b'yes, it is bad to include the word being defined in the definition. but,' b'even though the series is recursively infinite, i think the meaning can' b'still be deduced.' b'' b'i assume you can see the problem here. to do a correct inductive' b'definition, you must define something in terms of a simpler case, and' b'you must have one or several "bottoming out" cases. for instance, we' b'can define the factorial function (the function which assigns to a' b'positive integer the product of the positive integers less than or' b'equal to it) on the positive integers inductively as follows:' b'' b'[math lesson deleted]' b'' b"okay, let's look at this situation: suppose there is a longstanding" b'feud between two families which claim that the other committed some' b'travesty in the distant past. each time a member of the one family' b'kills a member of the other, the other family thinks that it is justified' b"in killing a that member of the first family. now, let's suppose that this" b"sequence has occurred an infinite number of times. or, if you don't" b'like dealing with infinities, suppose that one member of the family' b'goes back into time and essentially begins the whole thing. that is, there' b'is a never-ending loop of slayings based on some non-existent travesty.' b'how do you resolve this?' b'' b'well, they are all murders.' b'' b'now, i suppose that this isn\'t totally applicable to your "problem," but' b'it still is possible to reduce an uninduced system.' b'' b'and, in any case, the nested "murderer" in the definition of murder' b'cannot be infintely recursive, given the finite existence of humanity.' b'and, a murder cannot be committed without a killing involved. so, the' b'first person to intentionally cause someone to get killed is necessarily' b'a murderer. is this enough of an induction to solve the apparently' b'unreducable definition? see, in a totally objective system where all the' b"information is available, such a nested definition isn't really a problem." b'' b'keith' 