b'' b'' b':pmy atheism is incidental, and the question of "god" is trivial.' b':p' b':pbut........' b':p' b':pit matters a great deal to me when idiots try to force their belief on me,' b':pwhen they try to enforce their creation myths to be taught as scientific' b':pfact in school, when they tell me i can have no morals because morals are' b':pfrom "god", when a successful presidential candidate says that an atheist' b':pshouldn\'t be considered a citizen and couldn\'t be patriotic because "after' b':pall this is one nation under god", when the fundies try to take over the' b':pparty that may well provide the next president of the united states of' b':pamerica so that they can force their beliefs on the rest of the country,' b':pet cetera..........' b':p' b":pthat's why i subscribe to alt.atheism." b':p' b":pand in the middle of this, people who aren't mind readers pop up on" b":palt.atheism to tell me what i do or don't believe, or to concoct some" b":pstraw-man reason why i don't share their particular belief." b':p' b':pyou think i should just accept this?' b':p' b":pthis isn't particularly a dig at fundamentalist christians. i have been" b':ptold on alt.atheism that i reject allah because i am too proud to embrace' b':pislam, and that i reject krishna because my eyes are closed. but most of' b':pthe religious nuts who post on alt.atheism are some kind of militant' b":pchristian who can't accept that others don't share their beliefs. this" b':pkind of stuff should be kept on talk.religion.misc, where it belongs.' b':p' b":patheism isn't a belief, it's the absence of belief in any gods." b':p b':p' b':pdo you have a problem with this?' b':p' b':p' b':pbill' b':pfirst, i would like to say that atheism is in fact a belief. it is a beilief' b':pbecause a belief in something you hold to with ador and faith. an atheist says there are no gods. this cannot be proven. therefore you are excepting this on' b':pfaith alone. that is a belief. secondly, you complain so much about how the' b":pfundamental christians are trying to force their beliefs on you, but you don't" b":pmention anything about how the atheists, such as; madamme murry o'hare(founder" b':pof the atheists association in austin texas), and robert sherman(from the chicago area) have been trying to force their beliefs on everyone by trying to get rid of god from our society by banning religious paintings from parks during chistmas, forcing cities to change their town seals if there is any mention of god in it (like sherman has done), or trying to get the slogan "in god we trust" off of the american currency? you also talk about creation "myths" as if they are in fact myths and tha' b':p' b':p' b':p' b':phave concrete evidece of this. you probably' b":pdon't and that just enforces my point that your atheism is just as much belief as my christianity. if this is not so please do show me why it isn't." b':pmark covalt' b'' b'the only real problem i have with the argument of christianity is that they seem to ignore their origin that being asiatic in origin. as soon as christians become the' b'good non ego-centric buddhists they are supposed to be, then i might listen.' b'' b'my opinion, i speak not for my place of employment... but i should...' b'"christ was over-rated, and will the atf follow koresh (the current christ) through' b'his ascention to heaven?"' 