b'' b'' b'i was looking for a rigorous definition because otherwise we would be' b'spending the rest of our lives arguing what a "christian" really' b'believes.' b'' b"i don't think we need to argue about this." b'' b'ksdo you think that the motto points out that this country is proud' b'ksof its freedom of religion, and that this is something that' b'ksdistinguishes us from many other countries?' b'mwno.' b'kswell, your opinion is not shared by most people, i gather.' b'perhaps not, but that is because those seeking to make government' b'recognize christianity as the dominant religion in this country do not' b'think they are infringing on the rights of others who do not share' b'their beliefs.' b'' b'yes, but also many people who are not trying to make government recognize' b'christianity as the dominant religion in this country do no think' b'the motto infringes upon the rights of others who do not share their' b'beliefs.' b'' b'and actually, i think that the government already does recognize that' b'christianity is the dominant religion in this country. i mean, it is.' b"don't you realize/recognize this?" b'' b"this isn't to say that we are supposed to believe the teachings of" b'christianity, just that most people do.' b'' b"like i've said before i personally don't think the motto is a major" b'concern.' b'' b'if you agree with me, then what are we discussing?' b'' b"kssince most people don't seem to associate christmas with jesus much" b"ksanymore, i don't see what the problem is." b"can you prove your assertion that most people in the u.s. don't" b'associate christmas with jesus anymore?' b'' b'no, but i hear quite a bit about christmas, and little if anything about' b"jesus. wouldn't this figure be more prominent if the holiday were really" b'associated to a high degree with him? or are you saying that the' b'association with jesus is on a personal level, and that everyone thinks' b'about it but just never talks about it?' b'' b'that is, can *you* prove that most people *do* associate christmas' b'most importantly with jesus?' b'' b'anyways, the point again is that there are people who do associate' b"christmas with jesus. it doesn't matter if these people are a majority" b'or not.' b'' b'i think the numbers *do* matter. it takes a majority, or at least a' b"majority of those in power, to discriminate. doesn't it?" b'' b'keith' 