b'' b'' b'[deleted, to get to the point:]' b'' b' therefore, in a nutshell, my opinion is that pre-marital sex makes the' b' likelihood of extra-marital sex more probable. furthermore,' b' in my opinion, extra-marital sex helps break down partnerships and leads' b' to greater divorce rates. this in turn, in my opinion, creates trauma' b' and a less stable environment for children, who are then, in my opinion,' b' more likely to grow up with psychological problems such as depression,' b' etc. and thus, sex outside of marriage is, in the long run, harmful to' b' society.' b'' b'i think that you are drawing links where there are none having sex before' b'marriage has nothing to do with adultery once committed into marriage. the' b'issue as i see it is more of how committed you are to not foisting pain on' b'your spouse, and how confident you are about yourself.' b'\tin addition, what someone does within their marriage is their own' b'business, not mine, and not yours. i have witnessed strong relationships' b'that incorporate extra-marital sex.' b'\ti would agree with your assertion about children children should not be witness to such confusing relationships if adultery is stressful to' b'adults, which i assume it in general is, how can we expect children to' b'understand it?' b'' b' where is the evidence for my opinions? at the moment, there are just' b' generalities i can cite. for example, i read that in the 20th century,' b' the percentage of youth (and people in general) who suffer from' b' depression has been steadily climbing in western societies (probably' b' what i was reading referred particularly to the usa). similarly, one' b' can detect a trend towards greater occurrence of sex outside of marriage' b' in this century in western societies particularly with the "sexual' b' revolution" of the 60\'s, but even before that i think (otherwise the' b' "sexual revolution" of the 60\'s would not have been possible),' b' particularly with the gradual weakening of christianity and consequently' b' christian moral teachings against sex outside of marriage. i propose' b' that these two trends greater level of general depression in society' b' (and other psychological problems) and greater sexual promiscuity are' b' linked, with the latter being a prime cause of the former. i cannot' b' provide any evidence beyond this at this stage, but the whole thesis' b' seems very reasonable to me and i request that people ponder upon it.' b'' b'why is it more reasonable than the trend towards obesity and the trend towards' b"depression? you can't just pick your two favorite trends, notice a correlation" b'in them, and make a sweeping statement of generality. i mean, you can, and' b'people have, but that does not mean that it is a valid or reasonable thesis.' b"at best it's a gross oversimplification of the push-pull factors people" b'experience.' b'' b'my argument is mainly a proposal of what i think is a plausible argument' b'against extra-marital sex one which i personally believe has some' b'truth. my main purpose for posting it here is to show that a' b'_plausible_ argument can be made against extra-marital sex. at this' b'stage i am not saying that this particular viewpoint is proven or' b'anything like that, just that it is plausible. to try to convince you' b'all of this particular point of view, i would probably have to do a lot' b'of work researching what has been done in this field, etc., in order to' b'gather further evidence, which i simply do not have time to do now.' b'' b'also note that i said that i think extra-marital sex is "a prime cause"' b'(in my opinion) of the generally greater levels of psychological' b'problems, especially depression, in western societies. i am not saying' b'it is "the prime cause" or "the only cause", just "a prime cause" b'i.e. one of the significant contributions to this trend. i think when' b'you say you think my view is simplistic, you have forgotten this i' b'admit that there are probably other factors, but i do think that' b'extra-marital sex (and, imo, subsequent destabilization of the family)' b'is a significant factor in the rise in psychological problems like' b'depression in western society this century.' b'' b'fred rice' 