b'' b'(references: deleted to move this to a new thread)' b'' b'' b'}rushdie is, however, as i understand, a muslim.' b"}the fact that he's a british citizen does not preclude his being muslim." b'' b'rushdie was an atheist (to use local terminology, not to put words in' b'his mouth) at the time of writing tsv and at the time of the fatwa in' b'february b'' b'well, if he was born muslim (i am fairly certain he was) then he _is_' b'muslim until he explicitly renounces islam. so far as i know he has never' b'explicitly renounced islam, though he may have been in extreme doubt' b'about the existence of god. being muslim is a legal as well as' b'intellectual issue, according to islam.' b'' b'"to put it as simply as possible: *i am not a muslim*.[...] i do not' b'accept the charge of apostacy, because i have never in my adult life' b'affirmed any belief, and what one has not affirmed one can not be' b'said to have apostasized from. the islam i know states clearly that' b"'there can be no coercion in matters of religion'. the many muslims" b'i respect would be horrified by the idea that they belong to their' b'faith *purely by virtue of birth*, and that a person who freely chose' b'not to be a muslim could therefore be put to death."' b'salman rushdie, "in good faith", b'' b'"god, satan, paradise, and hell all vanished one day in my fifteenth' b'year, when i quite abruptly lost my faith. [...]and afterwards, to' b'prove my new-found atheism, i bought myself a rather tasteless ham' b'sandwich, and so partook for the first time of the forbidden flesh of' b'the swine. no thunderbolt arrived to strike me down. from that' b'day to this i have thought of myself as a wholly seculat person."' b'salman rushdie, "in god we trust", b'' b'[i] think the rushdie affair has discredited islam more in my eyes than' b'khomeini i know there are fanatics and fringe elements in all' b'religions, but even apparently "moderate" muslims have participated or' b'refused to distance themselves from the witch-hunt against rushdie.' b'' b"yes, i think this is true, but there khomenei's motivations are quite" b'irrelevant to the issue. the fact of the matter is that rushdie made' b'false statements (fiction, i know, but where is the line between fact' b'and fiction?) about the life of mohammad.' b'' b'only a functional illiterate with absolutely no conception of the' b"nature of the novel could think such a thing. i'll accept it" b'(reluctantly) from mobs in pakistan, but not from you. what is' b'presented in the fictional dream of a demented character cannot by the' b'wildest stretch of the imagination be considered a reflection on the' b"actual mohammad. what's worse, the novel doesn't present the" b'mahound/mohammed character in any worse light than secular histories' b'of islam; in particular, there is no "lewd" misrepresentation of his' b'life or that of his wives.' b'' b'that is why' b"few people rush to his defense he's considered an absolute fool for" b'his writings in _the satanic verses_.' b'' b"don't hold back; he's considered an apostate and a blasphemer." b"however, it's not for his writing in _the satanic verses_, but for" b'what people have accepted as a propagandistic version of what is' b'contained in that book. i have yet to find *one single muslim* who' b'has convinced me that they have read the book. some have initially' b'claimed to have done so, but none has shown more knowledge of the book' b'than a superficial newsweek story might impart, and all have made' b'factual misstatements about events in the book.' b'' b'if you wish to understand the' b'reasons behind this as well has the origin of the concept of "the' b'satanic verses" see the' b'penguin paperback by rafiq zakariyah called _mohammad and the quran_.' b'' b"i'll keep an eye out for it. i have a counter-proposal: i suggest" b'that you see the viking hardcover by salman rushdie called _the' b"satanic verses_. perhaps then you'll understand." b'--' b'these are my opinions. for a nominal fee, they can be yours.' 