b'' b': i' b': jim,' b': b': i always thought that homophobe was only a word used at act up' b": rallies, i didn't beleive real people used it. let's see if we agree" b": on the term's definition. a homophobe is one who actively and" b': militantly attacks homosexuals because he is actually a latent' b': homosexual who uses his hostility to conceal his true orientation.' b': since everyone who disapproves of or condemns homosexuality is a' b': homophobe (your implication is clear), it must necessarily follow that' b': all men are latent homosexuals or bisexual at the very least.' b': b':' b": crap crap crap crap crap. a definition of any type of 'phobe comes from" b': phobia an irrational fear of. hence a homophobe (not only in act up meetings,' b": the word is apparently in general use now. or perhaps it isn't in the bible?" b': wouldst thou prefer if i were to communicate with thou in bilespeak?)' b':' b': does an arachnophobe have an irrational fear of being a spider? does an' b': agoraphobe have an irrational fear of being a wide open space? do you' b': understand english?' b':' b': obviously someone who has phobia will react to it. they will do their best' b': to avoid it and if that is not possible they will either strike out or' b': run away. or do gaybashings occur because of natural processes? people' b': who definately have homophobia will either run away from gay people or' b': cause them (or themselves) violence.' b':' b'' b"isn't that what i said b'what are you taking issue with here, your remarks are merely' b'parenthetical to mine and add nothing useful.' b'' b': b':' b': it would seem odd if homosexuality had any evolutionary function' b': (other than limiting population growth) since evolution only occurs' b': when the members of one generation pass along their traits to' b': subsequent generations. homosexuality is an evolutionary deadend. if i' b': take your usage of the term, homophobe, in the sense you seem to' b': intend, then all men are really homosexual and evolution of our' b': species at least, is going nowhere.' b': b':' b': so *every* time a man has sex with a woman they intend to produce children?' b': hmm...no wonder the world is overpopulated. obviously you keep to the' b': monty python song: "every sperm is sacred". and if, as *you* say, it has' b': a purpose as a means to limit population growth then it is, by your own' b': arguement, natural.' b'' b"consider the context, i'm talking about an evolutionary function. one" b'of the most basic requirements of evolution is that members of a' b"species procreate, those who don't have no purpose in that context." b'' b':' b': another point is that if the offspring of each generation is to' b': survive, the participation of both parents is necessary a family must' b': exist, since homosexuals do not reproduce, they cannot constitute a' b': family. since the majority of humankind is part of a family,' b': homosexuality is an evolutionary abberation, contrary to nature if you' b': will.' b': b':' b': well if that is true, by your own arguements homosexuals would have' b': vanished *years* ago due to non-procreation. also the parent from single' b': parent families should put the babies out in the cold now, cos they must,' b': by your arguement, die.' b'' b'by your argument, homosexuality is genetically determined. as to your' b'second point, you prove again that you have no idea what context' b'means. i am talking about evolution, the preservation of the species,' b'the fundamental premise of the whole process.' b':' b': but it gets worse. since the overwhelming majority of people actually' b': -prefer- a heterosexual relationship, homosexuality is a social' b': abberation as well. the homosexual eschews the biological imperative' b': to reproduce and then the social imperative to form and participate in' b": the most fundamental social element, the family. but wait, there's" b': more.' b': b':' b': read the above. i expect you to have at least ten children by now, with' b': the family growing. these days sex is less to do with procreation (admittedly' b': without it there would be no-one) but more to do with pleasure. in pre-pill' b': and pre-condom days, if you had sex there was the chance of producing children.' b": these days is just ain't true! people can decide whether or not to have" b": children and when. soon they will be able to choose it's sex &c (but that's" b': another arguement...) so it\'s more of a "lifestyle" decision. again by' b': your arguement, since homosexuals can not (or choose not) to reproduce they must' b': be akin to people who decide to have sex but not children. both are' b': as "unnatural" as each other.' b'' b'yet another non-sequitur. sex is an evolutionary function that exists' b'for procreation, that it is also recreation is incidental. that' b"homosexuals don't procreate means that sex is -only- recreation and" b'nothing more; they serve no -evolutionary- purpose.' b'' b':' b': since homosexuals have come out the closet and have convinced some' b': policy makers that they have civil rights, they are now claiming that' b': their sexuality is a preference, a life-style, an orientation, a' b': choice that should be protected by law. now if homosexuality is a mere' b': choice and if it is both contrary to nature and anti-social, then it' b': is a perverse choice; they have even less credibility than before they' b': became prominent.' b': b':' b': people are people are people. who are you to tell anyone else how to live' b': their life? are you god(tm)? if so, fancy a date?' b'' b"here's pretty obvious dodge, do you really think you've said anything" b'or do you just feel obligated to respond to every statement? i am not' b'telling anyone anything, i am demonstrating that there are arguments' b"against the practice of homosexuality (providing it's a merely an" b'alternate lifestlye) that are not homophobic, that one can reasonably' b'call it perverse in a context even a atheist can understand. i realize' b'of course that this comes dangerously close to establishing a value,' b'and that atheists are compelled to object on that basis, but if you' b'are to be consistent, you have no case in this regard.' b':' b': to characterize any opposition to homosexuality as homophobic is to' b': ignore some very compelling arguments against the legitimization of' b': the homosexual "life-style". but since the charge is only intended to' b": intimidate, it's really just demogoguery and not to be taken" b': seriously. fact is, jim, there are far more persuasive arguments for' b': suppressing homosexuality than those given, but consider this a start.' b': b':' b': again crap. all your arguments are based on outdated ideals. likewise the' b': bible. would any honest christian condemn the ten generations spawned by' b': a "bastard" to eternal damnation? or someone who crushes his penis (either' b': accidently or not..!). both are in deuteronomy.' b'' b"i'm sure your comment pertains to something, but you've disguised it" b"so well i can't see what. where did i mention ideals, out-dated or" b'otherwise? your arguments are very reactionary; do you have anything' b'at all to contribute?' b'' b':' b': as to why homosexuals should be excluded from participation in' b': scouting, the reasons are the same as those used to restrict them from' b': teaching; by their own logic, homosexuals are deviates, social and' b': biological. since any adult is a role model for a child, it is' b': incumbent on the parent to ensure that the child be isolated from' b': those who would do the child harm. in this case, harm means primarily' b': social, though that could be extended easily enough.' b': b': b':' b': you show me *anyone* who has sex in a way that everyone would describe as' b': normal, and will take of my hat (puma baseball cap) to you. "one man\'s meat' b': is another man\'s poison"!' b':' b'' b'what has this got to do with anything? would you pick a single point' b'that you find offensive and explain your objections, i would really' b'like to believe that you can discuss this issue intelligibly.' b'' b'bill' b'' b'' 