b'' b'' b' (deletion)' b' b' i will argue that your latter statement, "i believe that no gods exist"' b' does rest upon faith that is, if you are making a positive statement' b' that "no gods exist" (strong atheism) rather than merely saying i don\'t' b" know and therefore don't believe in them and don't not believe in then" b' (weak atheism). once again, to not believe in god is different than' b' saying i believe that god does not exist. i still maintain the' b' position, even after reading the faqs, that strong atheism requires' b' faith.' b' b'' b' no it in the way it is usually used. in my view, you are saying here' b' that driving a car requires faith that the car drives.' b'' b'' b"i'm not saying this at all it requires no faith on my part to" b"say the car drives because i've seen it drive i've done more" b"than at in fact i've actually driven it. (now what does require" b'some faith is the belief that my senses give an accurate representation' b"of what's out there....) but there is no evidence pro or con b'for the existence or non-existence of god (see what i have to' b'say below on this).' b'' b' for me it is a conclusion, and i have no more faith in it than i' b' have in the premises and the argument used.' b'' b'' b"sorry if i remain skeptical i don't believe it's entirely a" b'conclusion. that you have seen no evidence that there is a god' b'is correct neither have i. but lack of evidence for the existence' b'of something is in no way evidence for the non-existence of something' b'(the creationist have a similar mode of argumentation in which if they' b'disprove evolution the establish creation). you (personally) have never' b'seen a neutrino before, but they exist. the "pink unicorn" analogy breaks' b'down and is rather naive. i have a scientific theory that explains the' b'appearance of animal life evolution. when i draw the conclusion that' b'"pink unicorns" don\'t exist because i haven\'t seen them, this conclusion' b'has it\'s foundation in observation and theory. a "pink unicorn", if' b'it did exist, would be qualitatively similar to other known entities.' b'that is to say, since there is good evidence that all life on earth has' b'evolved from "more primitive" ancestors these pink unicorns would share' b'a common anscestory with horses and zebras and such. god, however,' b'has no such correspondence with anything (imo). there is no physical' b'frame work of observation to draw any conclusions from.' b'' b'' b'' b' but first let me say the following.' b' we might have a language problem here in regards to "faith" and' b' "existence". i, as a christian, maintain that god does not exist.' b' to exist means to have being in space and time. god does not have' b' being god is being. kierkegaard once said that god does not' b" exist, he is eternal. with this said, i feel it's rather pointless" b' to debate the so called "existence" of god and that is not what' b" i'm doing here. i believe that god is the source and ground of" b' being. when you say that "god does not exist", i also accept this' b' statement but we obviously mean two different things by it. however,' b' in what follows i will use the phrase "the existence of god" in it\'s' b" 'usual sense' and this is the sense that i think you are using it." b' i would like a clarification upon what you mean by "the existence of' b' god".' b' b'' b" no, that's a word game." b'' b"i disagree with you profoundly on this. i haven't defined god as" b"existence in fact, i haven't defined god. but this might be" b"getting off the subject although if you think it's relevant" b'we can come back to it.' b'' b'' b' further, saying god is existence is either a waste of time, existence is' b' already used and there is no need to replace it by god, or you are' b' implying more with it, in which case your definition and your argument' b' so far are incomplete, making it a fallacy.' b'' b'' b'you are using wrong categories here or perhaps you misunderstand' b"what i'm saying. i'm making no argument what so ever and offering no" b"definition so there is no fallacy. i'm not trying to convince you of" b'anything. *i* believe and that rests upon faith. and it is inappropriate' b'to apply the category of logic in this realm (unless someone tells you' b'that they can logically prove god or that they have "evidence" or b'then the use of logic to disprove their claims if fine and necessary).' b'' b'btw, an incomplete argument is not a fallacy some things are not' b'even wrong.' b'' b'' b' (deletion)' b' one can never prove that god does or does not exist. when you say' b' that you believe god does not exist, and that this is an opinion' b' "based upon observation", i will have to ask "what observtions are' b' you refering to?" there are no observations pro or con that' b' are valid here in establishing a positive belief.' b' (deletion)' b'' b" where does that follow? aren't observations based on the assumption" b' that something exists?' b'' b'' b"i don't follow you here. certainly one can make observations of" b"things that they didn't know existed. i still maintain that one" b'cannot use observation to infer that "god does not exist". such' b'a positive assertion requires a leap.' b'' b'' b'' b" and wouldn't you say there is a level of definition that the assumption" b' "god is" is meaningful. if not, i would reject that concept anyway.' b'' b' so, where is your evidence for that "god is" is meaningful at some' b' level?' b'' b'once again you seem to completely misunderstand me. i have no' b'evidence that "\'god is\' is meaningful" at any level. maybe such' b'a response as you gave just comes naturally to you because so' b'many people try to run their own private conception of god down' b'your throat. i, however, am not doing this. i am arguing one, and' b'only one, thing that to make a positive assertion about something' b'for which there can in principle be no evidence for or against' b'requires a leap it requires faith. i am, as you would say, a' b'"theist"; however, there is a form of atheism that i can respect b'but it must be founded upon honesty.' b'' b'' b'' b' benedikt' b'' b'--' b'bob singleton' 