b'' b'' b"the pope is jewish.... i guess they're right, and i always thought that" b'the thing on his head was just a fancy hat, not a jewish headpiece (i' b"don't remember the name). it's all so clear now (clear as mud.)" b'' b'as to what that headpiece is....' b'' b'' b'source: ap newswire' b'' b'the vatican, home of genetic misfits?' b'' b'michael a. gillow, noted geneticist, has revealed some unusual data' b'after working undercover in the vatican for the past years. "the' b'popehat(tm) is actually an advanced bone spur.", reveals gillow in his' b'groundshaking report. gillow, who had secretly studied the innermost' b'workings of the vatican since returning from vietnam in a wheel chair,' b'first approached the scientific community with his theory in the late' b"1950's." b'' b'"the whole hat thing, that was just a cover up. the vatican didn\'t' b'want the catholic community(tm) to realize their leader was hefting' b'nearly kilograms of extraneous bone tissue on the top of his' b'skull.", notes gillow in his report. "there are whole laboratories in' b'the vatican that experiment with tissue transplants and bone marrow' b"experiments. what started as a genetic fluke in the mid 1400's is now" b'scientifically engineered and bred for. the whole bone transplant idea' b'started in the mid sixties inspired by doctor timothy leary' b'transplanting deer bone cells into small white rats." gillow is quick' b'to point out the assassination attempt on pope john paul ii and the' b'disappearance of dr. leary from the public eye.' b'' b'"when it becomes time to replace the pope", says gillow, "the old pope' b'and the replacement pope are locked in a padded chamber. they butt' b'heads much like male yaks fighting for dominance of the herd. the' b'victor emerges and has earned the privilege of inseminating the choir' b'boys."' b'' b'' b'p.' b'--' b'moorcockpratchettdenislearydelasoulu2iainmbanksneworderheathersbatmanpjorourke' b'clive p a u l m o l o n e y come, let us retract the foreskin of misconception' b'james trinity college dublin and apply the wire brush of enlightenment geoffm' b'brownbladerunnersugarcubeselectronicblaylockpowersspikeleekatebushhamcornpizza' 