b'' b'' b'' b' other readers: i just joined, but is this guy for real?' b" i'm simply amazed." b'' b'kr "sadly yes. don\'t loose any sleep over old \'zlumber. just' b'kr have some fun with him, but he is basically harmless.' b'kr at least, if you don\'t work in ny city."' b'' b'i don\'t find it hard to believe that "ole \'zlumber" really believes' b'the hate and ignorant prattle he writes. the frightening thought is,' b'there are people even worse than he! to say that feminism equals' b'"superiority" over men is laughable as long as he doesn\'t then proceed' b'to pick up a rifle and start to shoot women as a preemptive strike---' b'aka the canada slaughter that occured a few years ago. but then, men' b'killing women is nothing new. islamic fundamentalists just have a' b'"better" excuse (qu\'ran).' b'' b'from the vancouver sun, thursday, october b'by john davidson, canadian press' b'' b"montreal-- perhaps it's the letter to the five-year old" b'daughter that shocks the most.' b'' b'"i hope one day you will be old enough to understand what' b'happened to your parents," wrote patrick prevost. "i loved' b'your mother with a passion that went as far as hatred."' b'' b"police found the piece of paper near prevost's body in his" b'apartment in northeast montreal.' b'' b'they say the 39-year-old mechanic committed suicide after' b'killing his wife, jocelyne parent, b'' b'the couple had been separated for a month and the woman had' b'gone to his apartment to talk about getting some more money' b'for food. a violent quarrel broke out and prevost attacked' b'his wife with a kitchen knife, cutting her throat, police said.' b'' b'she was only the latest of women slain by a husband or' b'lover in quebec in the last five weeks.' b'' b'five children have also been slain as a result of the same' b'domestic "battles."' b'' b'last year in quebec alone, [women] were slain by their' b'husbands. that was more than one-third of such cases across' b'canada, according to statistics from the canadian centre for' b'justice. [rest of article ommited]' b'' b'then to say that women are somehow "better" or "should" be the' b'one to "stay home" and raise a child is also laughable. women' b'have traditionally done hard labor to support a family, often' b'more than men in many cultures, throughout history. seems to me' b'it takes at least two adults to raise a child, and that both should' b'stay home to do so!' b'' b'--- maximus 2.01wb' 