b'' b'' b'it appears that walla walla college will fill the same role in alt.atheist' b'that allegheny college fills in alt.fan.dan-quayle.' b'' b"\tfirst i want to start right out and say that i'm a christian. it" b"makes sense to be one. have any of you read tony campollo's book- liar," b'lunatic, or the real thing? (i might be a little off on the title, but he' b'writes the book. anyway he was part of an effort to destroy christianity,' b'in the process he became a christian himself.' b'' b'converts to xtianity have this tendency to excessively darken their' b'pre-xtian past, frequently falsely. anyone who embarks on an' b'effort to "destroy" xtianity is suffering from deep megalomania, a' b'defect which is not cured by religious conversion.' b'' b'\tthe arguements he uses i am summing up. the book is about whether' b"jesus was god or not. i know many of you don't believe, but listen to a" b'different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what' b'others have to say.' b'' b'different perspective? different perspective?? bwahahahahahahahah!!!' b'' b'\tthe book says that jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy a' b'modern day koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.' b'' b'(sigh!) perhaps big j was just mistaken about some of his claims.' b'perhaps he was normally insightful, but had a few off days. perhaps' b'many (most?) of the statements attributed to jesus were not made by' b'him, but were put into his mouth by later authors. other possibilities' b'abound. surely, someone seriously examining this question could' b'come up with a decent list of possible alternatives, unless the task' b'is not serious examination of the question (much less "destroying"' b'xtianity) but rather religious salesmanship.' b'' b"\tsome reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows. who would" b'die for a lie?' b'' b'how many germans died for nazism? how many russians died in the name' b'of the proletarian dictatorship? how many americans died to make the' b'world safe for "democracy". what a silly question!' b'' b"wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar? people" b'gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing' b'someone who was or had been healed. call me a fool, but i believe he did' b'heal people.' b'' b'is everyone who performs a healing god?' b'' b'\tniether was he a lunatic. would more than an entire nation be drawn' b'to someone who was crazy.' b'' b'it\'s probably hard to "draw" an entire nation to you unless you' b'are crazy.' b'' b'very doubtful, in fact rediculous. for example' b'anyone who is drawn to david koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see' b'this right away.' b"\ttherefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the" b'real thing.' b'' b'anyone who is convinced by this laughable logic deserves' b'to be a xtian.' b'' b'\tsome other things to note. he fulfilled loads of prophecies in' b'the psalms, isaiah and elsewhere in hrs alone. this in his betrayal' b"and crucifixion. i don't have my bible with me at this moment, next time i" b'write i will use it.' b'' b'don\'t bother. many of the "prophecies" were "fulfilled" only in the' b'eyes of xtian apologists, who distort the meaning of isaiah and' b'other ot books.' b'' b'' b'' 