b'' b'' b'i think you should support your first claim, that people will simply' b'harass me no matter what, as i doubt this is true. i think *some* of the' b'theists will be at a loss, and that is enough reason for me.' b'because "in god we trust" is a motto on the coins, and the coins' b'are a representation of the government, christians are given' b'ammunition here to slander atheists as unpatriotic.' b'' b'so, we should ban the ammunition? why not get rid of the guns?' b'' b'and yes, i have heard this used in conversation with christians.' b'sure, they may fall back on other things, but this is one they' b'should not have available to use.' b'' b'it is worse than others? the national anthem? should it be changed too?' b'god bless america? the list goes on...' b'' b"imagine if the next year's set of coins were labeled with" b'the motto: "god is dead".' b'certainly, such a statement on u.s. coins would offend almost' b"every christian. and i'd be tempted to rub that motto in the" b'face of christians when debunking their standard motto slinging' b'gets boring.' b'' b"then you'd be no better than the people you despise." b'' b'any statement printed on an item that represents' b'the government is an endorsement by the government.' b'' b'oh?' b'' b'the coin motto is an endorsement of trusting in god.' b'' b'an endorsement, or an acknowledgement? i think gods are things that people' b"are proud of, but i don't think the motto encourages belief." b'' b"i don't particularly feel like trusting in god," b'so the government is putting me down with every' b'coin it prints.' b'' b'is it?' b'' b'[...]' b'for the motto to be legitimate, it would have to read:' b' "in god, gods, or godlessness we trust"' b'' b'would you approve of such a motto?' b'' b'whether the motto was intended to be anti-atheist or not,' b'it turns up as an open invitation to use as an anti-atheist tool.' b'' b'and removing the tool will solve the problem?' b'' b'or will it increase the problem?' b'' b'keith' 