b'' b'' b'\tthe book says that jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy a' b'modern day koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.' b'' b'or he was just convinced by religious fantasies of the time that he was the' b'messiah, or he was just some rebel leader that an organisation of jews built' b'into godhood for the purpose off throwing of the yoke of roman oppression,' b'or.......' b'' b"\tsome reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows. who would" b'die for a lie?' b'' b'are the moslem fanatics who strap bombs to their backs and driving into' b'jewish embassies dying for the truth (hint: they think they are)? were the' b'nazi soldiers in wwii dying for the truth?' b'' b'people die for lies all the time.' b'' b'' b"wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar? people" b'' b'was hitler a liar? how about napoleon, mussolini, ronald reagan? we spend' b'millions of dollars a year trying to find techniques to detect lying? so the' b"answer is no, they wouldn't be able to tell if he was a liar if he only lied" b'about some things.' b'' b'gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing' b'someone who was or had been healed. call me a fool, but i believe he did' b'heal people.' b'' b'why do you think he healed people, because the bible says so? but if god' b"doesn't exist (the other possibility) then the bible is not divinely" b"inspired and one can't use it as a piece of evidence, as it was written by" b'unbiased observers.' b'' b'\tniether was he a lunatic. would more than an entire nation be drawn' b'to someone who was crazy. very doubtful, in fact rediculous. for example' b'' b'were hitler or mussolini lunatics? how about genghis khan, jim jones...' b'there are thousands of examples through history of people being drawn to' b'lunatics.' b'' b'anyone who is drawn to david koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see' b'this right away.' b"\ttherefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the" b'real thing.' b'' b'so we obviously cannot rule out liar or lunatic not to mention all the other' b'possibilities not given in this triad.' b'' b'\tsome other things to note. he fulfilled loads of prophecies in' b'the psalms, isaiah and elsewhere in hrs alone. this in his betrayal' b'' b'possibly self-fulfilling prophecy (ie he was aware what he should do in' b'order to fulfil these prophecies), possibly selective diting on behalf of' b'those keepers of the holy bible for a thousand years or so before the' b'general; public had access. possibly also that the text is written in such' b'riddles (like nostradamus) that anything that happens can be twisted to fit' b"the words of raving fictional 'prophecy'." b'' b"and crucifixion. i don't have my bible with me at this moment, next time i" b'write i will use it.' b'[stuff about how hard it is to be a christian deleted]' b'' b'i severely recommend you reconsider the reasons you are a christian, they' b'are very unconvincing to an unbiased observer.' b'' b'jeff.' b'' 