b'' b'excerpts from netnews.alt.atheism: 15-apr-93 re: thoughts on christians' b" i'm sick of religious types being pampered, looked out for, and worst" b' of all respected more than atheists. there must be an end' b' in sight.' b'' b"i think it'd help if we got a couple good atheists (or even some good," b'steadfast agnostics) in some high political offices. when was the last' b"time we had an (openly) atheist president? have we ever? (i don't" b"actually know; these aren't rhetorical questions.) how 'bout some" b'supreme court justices?' b'' b'one thing that really ticked me off a while ago was an ad for a news' b'program on a local station...the promo said something like "who are' b'these cults, and why do they prey on the young?" ahem. ever hear of' b"baptism at birth? if that isn't preying on the young, i don't know what" b'is...' b'' b'i used to be (ack, barf) a catholic, and was even confirmed...shortly' b'thereafter i decided it was a load of bs. my mom, who really insisted' b'that i continue to go to church, felt it was her duty to bring me up' b"as a believer! that was one of the more presumptuous things i've heard" b'in my life. i suggested we go talk to the priest, and she agreed. the' b"priest was amazingly cool about it...he basically said that if i didn't" b'believe it, there was no good in forcing it on me. actually, i guess he' b"wasn't amazingly cool about it--his response is what you'd hope for" b"(indeed, expect) from a human being. i s'pose i just _didn't_ expect" b'it...' b'' b'i find it absurd that religion exists; yet, i can also see its' b"usefulness to people. facing up to the fact that you're just going to" b"be worm food in a few decades, and that there isn't some cosmic purpose" b'to humanity and the universe, can be pretty difficult for some people.' b'having a readily-available, pre-digested solution to this is pretty' b"attractive, if you're either a) gullible enough, b) willing to suspend" b'your reasoning abilities for the piece of mind, or c) have had the stuff' b'rammed down your throat for as long as you can remember. religion in' b'general provides a nice patch for some human weaknesses; organized' b'religion provides a nice way to keep a population under control.' b'' b'blech.' b'' b'chris' b'' b'' b'----------------------' b'chris leger' b'sophomore, carnegie mellon computer engineering' b"remember...if you don't like what somebody is saying, you can always" b'ignore them!' b'' 