b'' b'' b'' b'yes, but, fortunately, religions have been replaced by systems' b'that value human rights higher.' b'' b'secular laws seem to value criminal life more than the victims life,' b'islam places the rights of society and every member in it above' b'the rights of the individual, this is what i call true human rights.' b'' b'' b'by the way, do you actually support the claim of precedence of islamic' b'law? in case you do, what about the laws of other religions?' b'' b'as a muslim living in a non-muslim land i am bound by the laws of the land' b'i live in, but i do not disregard islamic law it still remains a part of my' b'life. if the laws of a land conflict with my religion to such an extent' b'that i am prevented from being allowed to practise my religion then i must' b'leave the land. so in a way islamic law does take precendence over secular law' b'but we are instructed to follow the laws of the land that we live in too.' b'' b'in an islamic state (one ruled by a khaliphate) religions other than islam' b"are allowed to rule by their own religious laws provided they don't affect" b"the genral population and don't come into direct conflict with state" b'laws, dhimmis (non-muslim population) are exempt from most islamic laws' b'on religion, such as fighting in a jihad, giving zakat (alms giving)' b'etc but are given the benefit of these two acts such as military' b'protection and if they are poor they will receive zakat.' b'' b'' b'if not, what has it got to do with rushdie? and has anyone reliable' b"information if he hadn't left islam according to islamic law?" b'or is the burden of proof on him?' b' benedikt' b'' b"after the fatwa didn't rushdie re-affirm his faith in islam, didn't" b'he go thru\' a very public "conversion" to islam? if so he is binding' b'himself to islamic laws. he has to publicly renounce in his belief in islam' b'so the burden is on him.' b'' b'mas' b'' b'' b'--' b'c i t i z e n b'_____ c a d e n c e d e s i g n s y s t e m s inc. b'_____/ 