b'' b'' b'date: apr gmt' b'' b'' b'just borrowing your post, mr. rice...' b'' b'#are you sure that democracy is the driving force behind' b'#the massacres in east timor? it is certainly odd that so many of the worlds' b'#massacres occur along religious lines, independently of any claims to a' b'#democratic form of government. are ireland and northern ireland considered' b'#democracies? would you attribute their problems to democracy even though' b'#they are democracies? which motivates them more, religion or democracy?' b'' b'mr. rice was pointing out a fallacy in the assertion that islam is evil' b'because some of those who claim to follow it are evil, not asserting that' b'democracy causes massacres, as i read it.' b'' b'that is right, he was. and i was pointing out that his use of indonesians' b'killing the east timorese as a result of _democracy_ was a bit weak because' b'democracy is not much of a motivation for doing much of anything in indonesia' b'from what i remember. east timor was a former portguese territory which was' b'forcibly annexed by indonesia. last i heard over indonesians have' b'died trying to keep east timor a part of indonesia. being a former' b'portuguese colony, there is a strong catholic influence in east timor as i' b'recall. so it seems a bit odd that yet again we have another war being' b'fought between people who just "happen" to have different religions. purely' b'coincidental, i guess. but then the real motivation is to get the vote out' b'and make democracy work in indonesia.' b'' b'i pointed out the secession movement in aceh which has also been' b'brutally dealt with in the past by the indonesian government. the' b'harshly with all secessionist movements.' b'the evidence, it appears to me that the indonesian government has dealt' b'very harshly with all secession movements.' b'' b'i know that the head of the indonesian armed forces for a very long time' b'was benny murdani a "christian". indonesia has been heavy handed in' b'east timor for a long time even when murdani was head of the armed' b'forces. the people who make up the' b'indonesian government are in general motivated by national interests,' b'not religious ones.' b'' b'fred rice' b'' 