b'' b'' b'[...]' b'' b' wait a minute. you said *never* play a chamberlain. since the us' b" *is* playing chamberlain as far as east timor is concerned, wouldn't" b' that lead you to think that your argument is irrelevant and had nothing' b' to do with the gulf war? actually, i rather like your idea. perhaps' b' the rest of the world should have bombed (or maybe missiled) washington' b' when the us invaded nicaragua, grenada, panama, vietnam, mexico, hawaii,' b' or any number of other places.' b'' b'wait a minute, doug. i know you are better informed than that. the us' b'has never invaded nicaragua (as far as i know). we liberated grenada' b'from the cubans\tto protect us citizens there and to prevent the completion' b'of a strategic air strip. panama we invaded, true (twice this century).' b'vietnam? we were invited in by the government of s. vietnam. (i guess' b'we "invaded" saudi arabia during the gulf war, eh?) mexico? we have' b'invaded mexico or times, once this century, but there were no missiles' b'for anyone to shoot over here at that time. hawaii? we liberated it from' b'spain.' b'' b'so if you mean by the word "invaded" some sort of military action where' b"we cross someone's border, you are right out of but normally" b'"invaded" carries a connotation of attacking an autonomous nation.' b'(if some nation "invades" the u.s. virgin islands, would they be' b'invading the virgin islands or the u.s.?) so from this point of' b'view, your score falls to out of (mexico, panama).' b'' b'[...]' b'' b' what\'s a "peace-nik"? is that somebody who *doesn\'t* masturbate' b' over "guns\'n\'ammo" or what? is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik?' b'' b'no, it\'s someone who believes in "peace-at-all-costs". in other words,' b'a person who would have supported giving hitler not only austria and' b'czechoslakia, but poland too if it could have averted the war. and one' b'who would allow hitler to wipe all *all* jews, slavs, and political' b'dissidents in areas he controlled as long as he left the rest of us alone.' b'' b'"is it supposed to be bad to be a peace-nik," you ask? well, it depends' b'on what your values are. if you value life over liberty, peace over' b'freedom, then i guess not. but if liberty and freedom mean more to you' b"than life itself; if you'd rather die fighting for liberty than live" b'under a tyrant\'s heel, then yes, it\'s "bad" to be a peace-nik.' b'' b'the problem with most peace-niks it they consider those of us who are' b'not like them to be "bad" and "unconscionable". i would not have any' b'argument or problem with a peace-nik if they held to their ideals and' b'stayed out of all conflicts or issues, especially those dealing with' b'the national defense. but no, they are not willing to allow us to' b'legitimately hold a different point-of-view. they militate and' b'many times resort to violence all in the name of peace. (what rank' b'hypocrisy!) all to stop we "warmongers" who are willing to stand up' b'and defend our freedoms against tyrants, and who realize that to do' b'so requires a strong national defense.' b'' b'time to get off the soapbox now. b'' b'[...]' b' b'' b'regards,' b'' b'jim b.' 