b'' b'' b' now, what i am interested in is the original notion you were discussing' b' on moral free agency. that is, how can a god punish a person for' b' not believing in him when that person is only following his or her' b' nature and it is not possible for that person to deny what his or' b' her reason tells him or her, which is that there is no god?' b'' b' dean,' b'' b" i think you're letting atheist mythology" b'' b'great start. i realize immediately that you are not interested' b'in discussion and are going to thump your babble at me. i would' b'much prefer an answer from ms healy, who seems to have a' b"reasonable and reasoned approach to things. say, aren't you the" b'creationist guy who made a lot of silly statements about' b'evolution some time ago?' b'' b' confuse you on the issue of' b' divine justice. according to the most fundamental doctrines of' b' christianity, when the first man sinned, he was at that time the' b' entire human race and any "punishment" meted out would necessarily' b' affect the entire race of which he was the sole representive.all' b' humans coming after him would, being of the same race (species), share' b' in that judgement. it has nothing to do with who deserves what.' b' from the perspective of god, humanity is but one category of created' b' things and that category is condemned.' b'' b'duh, gee, then we must be talking christian mythology now. i' b'was hoping to discuss something with a reasonable, logical' b'person, but all you seem to have for your side is a repetition' b"of the same boring mythology i've seen a thousand times before." b'i am deleting the rest of your remarks, unless i spot something' b'that approaches an answer, because they are merely a repetition' b'of some uninteresting doctrine or other and contain no thought' b'at all.' b'' b'[..]' b'' b"i have to congratulate you, though, bill. you wouldn't" b'know a logical argument if it bit you on the balls. such' b'a persistent lack of function in the face of repeated' b'attempts to assist you in learning (which i have seen' b'in this forum and others in the past) speaks of a talent' b"that goes well beyond my own, meager abilities. i just don't" b'seem to have that capacity for ignoring outside influences.' b'' b'dean kaflowitz' b'' b'' 