b'' b'' b"i'm one of those people who does not know what the word objective means" b'when put next to the word morality. i assume its an idiom and cannot' b'be defined by its separate terms.' b'' b'give it a try.' b'' b'objective morality is morality built from objective values.' b'' b'from a dictionary of philosophy, by anthony flew:' b'' b'"objectivism: the belief that there are certain moral truths that would' b'remain true whatever anyone or everyone thought or desired. for' b"instance, 'no one should ever deliberately inflict pain on another" b"simply to take pleasure in his suffering' might be thought of as a" b'plausible example. even in a world of sadists who all rejected it, the' b"contention remains true, just as remains correct even if" b'there is no one left to count. the problem for the objectivist is to' b'determine the status of moral truths and the method by which they can be' b'established. if we accept that such judgements are not reports of what' b'is but only relate to what ought to be (see naturalistic fallacy) then' b'they cannot be proved by any facts about the nature of the world. nor' b'can they be analytic, since this would involve lack of action-guiding' b"content; 'one ought always to do the right thing' is plainly true in" b'virtue of the vords involved but it is unhelpful as a practical guide to' b'action (see analytic and synthetic). at this point the objectivist may' b"talk of 'self-evident truths', but can he deny the subjectivist's claim" b'that self-evidence is in the mind of the beholder? if not, what is left' b'of the claim that some moral judgements are true? the subjectivist may' b'well feel that all that remains is that there are some moral judgements' b'with which he would wish to associate himself. to hold a moral opinion' b'is, he suggests, not to know something to be true but to have' b'preferences regarding human activity."' b'' b'this is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher' b'must learn not to be frightened by absurdities. bertrand russell' 