b'' b'' b'' b'km "yeah, hilarious. satanists believe satan is a god, but not' b'km the only god. satan is a part of christian mythology.' b'km therefore, one cannot reasonably worship satan without' b'km acknowledging the existence of a christian god. satanists' b'km see satan as their master, and they see god and satan as' b'km adversaries of similar power. satanists believe in the' b'km eventual overthrow of god and a transfer of all power to' b'km their master. kevin marshall"' b'' b'a great many satanists do not believe in satan. some do, some' b'don\'t. i\'d go so far as to assert that most "orthodox" satanists' b'do not worship satan (church of satan, etc.) but rather "worship"' b'self. to hear lavey say it, only idiots and fools believe in satan' b'and or allah. he knew that suckers are born every minute.' b'' b'--- maximus 2.01wb' b'' b"anton lavey's interpretation of satanism has always puzzled me. i" b'read his "satanic bible" a few years ago for a social studies project,' b'as well as a book by arthur lyons called "the cult of devil worship' b'in america." the latter included a very interesting interview with' b'the black pope in which he did indeed say that satan was merely an' b'instrument for one to realize the self.' b'' b'when i refer to satanism, i am referring to the mishmash of rural satanic' b'ritualism and witchcraft which existed before the church of satan. i' b'don\'t consider lavey\'s church to be at all "orthodox," nor do i consider' b'its followers "satanists." lavey combined the philosophies of nietzsche,' b'crowley, and reich, slapped in some religious doctrine, added a little' b'touch of p.t. barnum, and christened his creation the church of satan.' b'no doubt the title was a calculated attempt to attract attention...i' b'suppose he could have just as easily called it the church of free sex.' b'' b'at any rate, it worked (for a while). in its heyday, the church had a' b'huge following, including such hollywood celebrities as sammy davis, jr.' b'and jayne mansfield. (i have a picture of lavey with sammy, by the' b'way.)' b'' b'i find the idea of a satanist not believing in satan about as credible as' b'a christian not believing in christ. but if you include the church of' b"satan, then i suppose i need to alter my definition. webster's dictionary" b'and the american heritage dictionary will have to do the same.' b'--' b'--- b'||| kevin marshall computer science department b'--- blacksburg, virginia 