b'' b'date: tue, apr gmt' b'' b'' b'there are some mention about events, places, or historical persons' b'later discovered by archeologist?' b'' b'one of the more amusing things in the bom is a claim that a' b'civilization existed in north america, aroun where the mystical plates' b'were found. not only did it use steel and other metals, but it had' b'lots of wars (very ot). no one has ever found any metal swords or' b'and traces of a civilization other than the native americans.' b'' b'this is just one example.' b'' b'from _free inquiry_, winter the following is an' b'introduction to the article "joseph smith and the book of' b'mormon", by george d. smith. the introduction is written by' b'paul kurtz.' b'' b'mormonism the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints' b'-- claims a worldwide membership million. it is one of' b"the world's fastest growing religions, with as many as" b"200,000 new converst in alone. because of the church's" b'aggressive missionary program, covering more than one' b'hundred countries, it is spreading even to third world' b'countries.' b'' b'mormonism is both puritanical in moral outlook and' b'evangelical in preachment. the church is run along strict' b'authoritarian lines. led by a president, who allegedly' b'receives revelations directly form god, and a group of' b'twelve apostles who attempt to maintain orthodoxy in belief' b'and practice, the church is opposed to abortion,' b"pornography, sexual freedom, women's rights, and other, in" b'its view, immoral influences of secular society, and it' b'forbids the use of tobacco, alcohol, coffee, and tea.' b'' b'centered in salt lake city, the church is extremely wealthy' b'and politically powerful in utal and many other western' b'states. among well-know present-day mormons are ezra taft' b'benson (former secretary of agriculture), the osmond family,' b'the mariotts of the hotel empire, and a score of high-placed' b'government officials.' b'' b'the mormon church was founded in western new york in by' b'joseph smith who claimed that by divine revelation be had' b'found gold plates containing hieroglyphics buried on a hill' b'and that with the help of visits from the angel moroni he' b'had been able to translate the writing into the _book of' b'mormon_, the basis of mormon belief. this book, written "by' b'the commandment of god," claims that the ancient hebrews' b'settled in america about b.c.e. and were the ancestors' b'of the american indians. mormons believe that those who' b'have been baptized in the "true church" will be reunited' b'after death and that deceased non-mormon family members can' b'be baptized by proxy and thus join their relatives in the' b'hereafter. because of these beliefs, mormons have been' b'considered outcasts by mainline christian denominations and' b'as heretics by religious fundamentalists.' b'' b'joseph smith was a controversial figure in his day he was' b'both worshiped as a saint and denounced as a fraud. because' b'of persecution he led his band of loyal followers from' b'palmyra, new york, westward to ohio and then to illinois,' b'where in he was shot to death by an agry mob. brigham' b'young, who reportedly had as many as eighty wives, took over' b'the leadership of the church and led the mormons further' b'westward, to found the new zion in salt lake city.' b'following the teachings of joseph smith in the practice of' b'polygamy was perhaps the mormons most controversial practice' b'in nineteenth-century america.' b'' b'while other religions go back many centuries b'muhammadanism, years; christianity, and judaism,' b'3000 and attempts to examine their beginnings are' b'difficult, extensive historical investigation of mormon' b'roots is possible. some mormons are willing to examine this' b'history objectively, bu others maintain that such scrutiny' b'is dangerous to the faith.' b'' b'in the following pages, _free inquiry_ presents two articles' b'about the mormon church. first, george d. smith, a lifelong' b'member of the church, provides a detailed critical' b'examination of joseph smith and his claim the the _book of' b'mormon_ was divinely revealed. second, we present a portion' b'of an interview with philosopher sterling mcmurrin, also a' b'mormon since birth, who questions the treatment of the' b'history of the church by mormon authorities. paul kurtz' b'' b'' b'the article itself is super.' b'' b',...,.,,' b"/666; b'////; b";' b", b';;| b'' 