b'' b"| according to jerry mander's _in the absence of the sacred_ (good" b'| book, btw), the great binding law of the iroquois confederacy' b'| also played a significant role as a model for the u.s. constitution.' b'| furthermore, apparently marx and engels were strongly influenced' b'| by a study of iroquois society, using it as the prime example of' b'| a successful, classless, egalitarian, noncoercive society. mander' b'| goes on to say that both the u.s. and the u.s.s.r. would do well' b'| to study the original document, figure out where each went wrong,' b'| and try to get it right next time.' b'' b"that's fascinating. i heard that the chinese, rather than" b'the italians, invented pasta.' b'' b"that's fascinating. i take it that you're expressing skepticism" b'at the idea that those ignorant savages could have influenced' b'the constitution of the people who stole their continent. you' b'could be right, but it sounds plausible to me. is there any' b"reason that you dismiss it out-of-hand? here's some more:" b'' b'recent scholarship has shown that in the mid-1700s indians were not' b'only invited to participate in the deliberations of our "founding' b'fathers," but that the great binding law of the iroquois confederacy' b'arguably became the single most important model for the albany' b'plan of union, and later the articles of confederation and the' b'constitution. that this would be absent from our school texts,' b'and from history, and from media is not surprising given the devotion' b'americans feel to our founding myth: great men gathered to express' b'a new vision that has withstood the test of time. if it were' b'revealed that indians had a role in it, imagine the blow to the' b'american psyche.' b'...' b'by when most of these men and others gathered to creat the' b'albany plan of union, the first try at confederation, they invited' b'forty-two members of the iroquois grand council to serve as advisors' b'on confederate structures. benjamin franklin freely acknowledged' b'his interest in the iroquois achievement in a famous speech at' b'albany congress: "it would be a strange thing...if six nations' b'of ignorant savages[sic] should be capable of forming such a union' b'and be able to execute it in such a manner that it has subsisted' b'for ages and appears indissoluble, and yet that a like union should' b'be impractical for ten or a dozen english colonies."' b'according to grinde, franklin convened meetings of iroquois chiefs' b'and congressional delegates in order to "hammer out a plan that he' b'acknowedged to be similar to the iroquois confederacy."' b'' b'grinde is professor donald grinde,jr., of the university of california' b'at riverside whose book _the iroquois and the founding fathers of the' b'american nation_ addresses this issue.' b'--' 