b'' b"this is the most unmitigated bilge i've seen in a while. jim brown obviously" b'has possession of the right-wing token.' b'' b' diplomatic alternatives, including sanctions, were ineffective.' b'' b'"in december, former national security adviser zbigniew brzezinski told a' b'senate committee that sanctions were costing iraq million per day, and' b'that the multinational coalition could take all the time in the world.' b'iraq, he suggested, was losing badly every day it defied the un demands,' b'while the community of nations won every day with no taking of life or' b'loss of life." fcnl washington newsletter.' b'' b' the world is full of evil, and circumstances are not perfect. many' b' innocents suffer due to the wrongful actions of others. it it regretable,' b" but that's the-way-it-is." b'' b'wrongful actions of murderers like leaders of the us government, perhaps?' b'regrettable, of course; the-way-it-is certainly not.' b'' b' the media is not totally monolithic. there are even conservative' b' sources out there if you know where to look. (hurrah for rush!)' b'' b'good heavens! an escapee from rush limbot land! "conservative", my ass.' b'' b' and btw, the reason i brought up the blanket-bombing in germany was' b' because you were bemoaning the iraqi civilian casualties as being' b' "so deplorable". yet blanket bombing was instituted because bombing' b" wasn't accurate enough to hit industrial/military targets in a" b' decisive way by any other method at that time. but in the gulf war,' b' precision bombing was the norm.' b'' b'bullshit!!! in the gulf massacre, of all ordnance used was "smart." the' b"rest that's was just regular, dumb ol' iron bombs and stuff. have" b'you forgotten that the pentagon definition of a successful patriot launch' b'was when the missile cleared the launching tube with no damage? or that a' b'successful interception of a scud was defined as "the patriot and scud' b'passed each other in the same area of the sky"?' b'' b'and of the that was the "smart" stuff, hit. again try to follow me' b'here that means of this "smart" arsenal missed.' b'' b' the stories' b' of "hundreds of thousands" of iraqi civilian dead is just plain bunk.' b'' b'prove it. i have a source that says that to date, the civilian death count' b'(er, excuse me, i mean "collateral damage") is about b'' b'-s' b'--' b'"no one has attempted to calculate the costs of an execution in' b'washington state, but studies elsewhere suggest it costs far more than' b'incarceration.' b'"california is spending more than million annually on capital cases,' b"and until this year hadn't executed anyone since texas, the national" b'leader in the number of executions, spends an estimated million per' b'execution. that compares to an average cost of incarceration in washington' b'state of per maximum-security prisoner per year."' b'--' b'"take this cross and garlic; here\'s a mezuzah if he\'s jewish; a page of the' b'koran if he\'s a muslim; and if he\'s a zen buddhist, you\'re on your own."' 