b'' b'' b"\tfirst i want to start right out and say that i'm a christian. it" b"makes sense to be one. have any of you read tony campollo's book- liar," b'lunatic, or the real thing? (i might be a little off on the title, but he' b'writes the book. anyway he was part of an effort to destroy christianity,' b'in the process he became a christian himself.' b'' b'i assume you are posting to encourage comments how much history has' b'tony campello read? not much it seems.' b'' b'\tthe arguements he uses i am summing up. the book is about whether' b"jesus was god or not. i know many of you don't believe, but listen to a" b'different perspective for we all have something to gain by listening to what' b'others have to say.' b'' b'it is good to hear that there are a few reasonable christians about.' b'if only those christian "scientists" would take note.' b'' b'(in australia there is a very strong movement, a bunch of christian' b'scientists who believe that every single event in the bible is exactly' b'true, and that there is a rational explanation for it all that can be justified' b'by using the laws of physics. for example, there are a few chaps who are' b'trying to prove that the age of the universe is years old, and that the' b'error in conventional calculations is the result of the fact that the speed' b'light has been rapidly decaying over the years, and this has not been' b'accounted for. b'' b'\tthe book says that jesus was either a liar, or he was crazy a' b'modern day koresh) or he was actually who he said he was.' b'' b'or (of course), that he never existed, and the bible was a story, and was never' b'intended to become a manifesto for a billion people. did tony follow that one' b'up?' b'' b"\tsome reasons why he wouldn't be a liar are as follows. who would" b"die for a lie? wouldn't people be able to tell if he was a liar? people" b'gathered around him and kept doing it, many gathered from hearing or seeing' b'someone who was or had been healed.' b'' b'millions of people have "died for a lie". this point is difficult to' b'substantiate since it is not well defined (a great many religious arguments' b'work in that way), but consider the many aztec warriors who sacrificed' b'themselves to their gods in the belief that this act would bring them victory' b'of the spanish invaders. the list is endless. the aztecs lost, btw.' b'' b'call me a fool, but i believe he did heal people.' b'' b'that is perfectly reasonable, but it is not grounds for me (or anyone)' b'to become a christian. more to the point, it does not add weight to' b'the claim that jesus was the "real thing".' b'' b'' b'\tniether was he a lunatic. would more than an entire nation be drawn' b'to someone who was crazy. very doubtful, in fact rediculous. for example' b'anyone who is drawn to david koresh is obviously a fool, logical people see' b'this right away.' b'' b'have you ever seen a documentary about the rise of nazi germany? more to the' b'point, did tony mention this? one could hardly call werner heisenberg and his' b'many colleagues fools, or illogical men, their support of hitler was based' b'(i presume) upon an emotional issue rather than a rational agreement with' b'his principles. obviously my argument is invalid if tony thought that hitler' b'was sane....' b'' b'' b'' b"\ttherefore since he wasn't a liar or a lunatic, he must have been the" b'real thing.' b'' b'hmmm.... i don\'t think his arguments warrant the use of a "therefore..."' b'' b'\tsome other things to note. he fulfilled loads of prophecies in' b'the psalms, isaiah and elsewhere in hrs alone. this in his betrayal' b"and crucifixion. i don't have my bible with me at this moment, next time i" b'write i will use it.' b'' b'this is (unfortunately) what alot of religious discussions i have had with' b'people result in quoting the bible. the only reasonable way i think' b'people can look at the bible is to treat the stories as some sort of' b'metaphorical representation of the messages that the authors were trying to' b'present. if someone tries to interpret parts of the bible literally, he or' b'she will end up in all sorts of shit.' b'' b"tony's argument would be perfectly reasonable for people who believe" b'the events described in the bible took place, but to convince someone,' b'who thinks the bible is total fiction, that jesus is real by quoting the' b'book is totally pointless. for example, in mathematics you cannot say "a is' b'equal to b because a is equal to b".' b'' b'' b'' b"\ti don't think most people understand what a christian is." b'' b'that would possibly explain why there have so many people being killed' b'in religious wars, and why there are hundreds of different versions all' b'claiming to be correct.' b'' b'it' b'is certainly not what i see a lot in churches. rather i think it' b"should be a way of life, and a total sacrafice of everything for god's" b'sake. he loved us enough to die and save us so we should do the' b"same. hey we can't do it, god himself inspires us to turn our lives" b"over to him. that's tuff and most people don't want to do it, to be a" b'real christian would be something for the strong to persevere at. but' b'just like weight lifting or guitar playing, drums, whatever it takes' b"time. we don't rush it in one day, christianity is your whole life." b'it is not going to church once a week, or helping poor people once in' b'a while. we box everything into time units. such as work at this' b'time, sports, tv, social life. god is above these boxes and should be' b'carried with us into all these boxes that we have created for' b'ourselves.' b'' b'i think if you posted this part to alt.religion you would get more flames' b'than here i have never really understood why the emotional sentiments' b'of a stranger should be of interest to other people.' b'' b'someone famous said that there two evils in life, polititians and churchs, one' b'rules by fear of the living, the other by fear of the dead. if i am pressed i' b'could probably find the exact quotation.' b'' b'cheers,' b'charles.' 