b'' b'' b'is it just me, or has this part gotten beyond useful?' b'' b'gregg is not, as i understand his posts, giving any support to the bounty' b"on rushdie's life. if that's correct, end of one point..." b'' b"gregg is using the concept of legal in a way most westerners don't accept." b'his comments about islamic law i think make a great deal of sense to him,' b'and are even making a _little_ sense to me now if a person is a member' b'of a group (religion or whatever) they bind themselves to follow the ways' b'of the group within the bounds of what the group requires as a minimum.' b"the big bone of contention here that i'm picking up is that in the west" b'we have secular governments that maintain, more or less, a level of control' b'and of requirements outside the requirements of optional groups. i think' b"the majority of us reading this thread are in tune (note i didn't say" b'"in agreement") with the idea that you are finally responsible to the' b'secular government, and within that to the group or groups a person may' b'have chosen.' b'' b'with that in mind, it not possible under secular law ("legally" as most' b'people would define the term) to hold a person to a particular group once' b'they decide to separate from it. only if the secular authorities agree' b'that there is a requirement of some sort (contractual, etc) is there' b'any secular _enforcement_ allowed by a group to a group member or past' b'group member.' b'' b'a religion can, and often does, believe in and require additional duties' b'of a group member. and it can enforce the fulfillment of those duties' b'in many ways ostracism is common for example. but the limit comes when' b'the enforcement would impose unwanted and/or unaccepted onus on a person' b'_in conflict with secular law_.' b'' b'this is the difference. in a theocracy, the requirements of the secular' b'authorities are, by definition, congruent with the religious authorities.' b'outside a theocracy, this is not _necessarily_ true. religious requirements' b'_may_ coincide or may not. similiarly, religious consequences _may_ or' b'may not coincide with secular consequences (if any).' b'' b'regards,' b'' b'dew' b'--' b'dewey henize sys/net admin risc hardware pager x 