b'' b"yes. the qur'an discusses this point in several ways, some of" b'them quite directly. for example, it says that if god _were_' b'to appear them there would be no need for faith and belief as' b'the evidence would be definitive.' b'' b"ah! excellent. so why doesn't she appear to me? i'm a little weak in the" b"blind faith department. (besides, she doesn't even really need to appear:" b'how about, oh say, a little tip something like "put your all on in the' b'7:30 at the dog races" perhaps in a dream or vision.)' b'' b'how do we know that' b"muhammed didn't just go out into the desert and smoke something?" b'' b'would a person who was high write so well and with such consistency?' b'' b"i'm afraid i don't know arabic; i have only read translations. i wouldn't" b'know it if it were well-written. (consistent, though, is one thing the quran' b'is not.) and have *you* read it in arabic? besides, some of my best' b'writing has been done under the influence of, shall we say, consciousness' b'altering substances.' b'' b'and how' b"do we know that the scribes he dictated the quran to didn't screw up, or" b'put in their own little verses?' b'' b"they'd have to be very good to do so without destroying the beauty" b'and literary quality of text arabic text.' b'' b"yes, so? how do we know they *weren't* very good? (again, assuming that the" b'quran is beautfully written.)' b'' b'and why can muhammed marry more than four women,' b'when no other muslim is allowed to?' b'' b'muhammad did not exceed the number _after_ the revelation regulating' b'the number of wives a man could marry, but before it.' b'' b'ok, i retract this point. (although i might still say that once he knew, he' b'should have done something about it.)' b'' b'(although i think the biggest' b'insult to islam is that the majority of its followers would want to' b'suppress a book, sight unseen, on the say-so of some "holy" guy. not to' b'mention murder the author.)' b'' b'i agree. but is it really true that this is the case?' b'' b"i haven't interviewed all muslims about this; i would really like it if this" b"were false. but i can't take it on your say-so what are your sources?" b'' b'another case of judging principles on the basis of those who claim' b'to follow them.' b'' b"what other basis do we have to judge a system? especially when we can't get" b'a consistent picture of what islam "really" is. do i believe khomeini? do i' b'go by the imam of the mosque in mecca? or perhaps the guy in new jersey? or' b'perhaps you say i should go only by the quran. ok, whose translation? and' b'what about things like "and wherever you find idolators, kill them"?' b'' b'-s' b'--' b'"take this cross and garlic; here\'s a mezuzah if he\'s jewish; a page of the' b'koran if he\'s a muslim; and if he\'s a zen buddhist, you\'re on your own."' 