b'' b'' b'' b' what about the twelve imams, who he considered incapable of error' b' or sin? khomeini supports this view of the twelve imans. this is' b' heresy for the very reasons i gave above.' b'' b'' b'i would be happy to discuss the issue of the imams with you, although' b'my preference would be to move the discussion to another' b'newsgroup. i feel a philosophy or religion group would be more' b'appropriate.' b'' b'' b'i think many reading this group would also benefit by knowing how' b"deviant the view _as i've articulated it above_ (which may not be" b'the true view of khomeini) is from the basic principles of islam.' b'so that the non-muslim readers of this group will see how far from' b'the simple basics of islam such views are on the face of them. and' b'if they are _not_ in contradiction with the basics of islam, how' b'subtle such issues are and how it seems sects exist in islam while' b"they are explicitly proscribed by the qur'an." b'' b'' b'the topic is deeply embedded in the world view of islam and the' b'esoteric teachings of the prophet (s.a.). heresy does not enter' b'into it at all except for those who see islam only as an exoteric' b'religion that is only nominally (if at all) concerned with the metaphysical' b"substance of man's being and nature." b'' b'' b'in my opinion considering any human being as having a substance' b'or metaphysical fundamentally different from that of any other human' b'being _is_ a heretical notion and one proscribed by islam.' b'' b'' b'from your posts, you seem fairly well versed in sunni thought. you' b"should seek to know shi'ite thought through knowledgeable" b"shi'ite authors as well at least that much respect is due before the" b'charge of heresy is levelled.' b'' b'' b'absolutely! i would be interested in discussing this privately and' b'i am interested in hearing how one might try to make the concept of' b'error-free and sinless human beings philosophically consistent with' b"the teachings of the qur'an. however, _prima facie_ such attemptsa" b'are highly susceptible to degenerating into monkery, explicitly' b"proscribed by the qur'an." b'' b'' b'as salaam a-laikum' b'' b'alaikum wassalam' b'' b'' b'gregg' b'' 