b'' b'' b'* "the modern theory of evolution is so inadequate that it deserves to be b'* treated as a matter of faith." francis hitching b'' b'i have a few points to make about the above posting.' b'' b'1. science is not based on and does not consist of "quotes" from either' b'real or alleged experts. critical reasoning, evidence and (if possible)' b'experimentation are necessary. creationists frequently display a massive' b'confusion about this by merely quoting both non-experts and experts alike' b'(some of the latter quotes are in fact false) and steadfastly refusing to' b'follow any kind of rigorous scientific procedure. this strongly suggests' b'that (a.) their claims completely lack any scientific merit and (b.) they' b'are aware of this fatal deficiency. of course, you may not actually be a' b'creationist and this may not be your real intent.' b'' b'2. you have failed to identify hitching and the surrounding context of his' b'statement. why is that? if hitching is a scientific illiterate then the' b'quote would merely display his profound ignorance of evolutionary biology.' b'creationists are frequently known to quote real scientists out of context' b'and to fabricate statements that they subsequently attribute to legitimate' b'scientists. of course, you may not actually be a creationist and this may' b'not be your real intent.' b'' b'3. evidence supporting the alleged inadequacies of "the modern theory of' b'evolution" would be a much more powerful argument than a contextless one' b'line quote from an unidentified nobody. it is also important to note that' b'disproving biological evolution does not automatically prove some alternate' b'claims any more that disproving that the earth is shaped like a hockey puck' b'proves that it is a hyperbolic paraboloid. creationists seem rather fond' b'of diving (head first) into this logical fallacy. of course, you may not' b'actually be a creationist and this may not be your real intent.' b'' b'4. since evolution is central to virtually all of modern science, an attack' b'on evolution (either the fact or the theory) really represents an attack on' b'science. while the theory will unquestionably continue to evolve (b^) the' b'fact of evolution will not ever go away. creationists lost the battle long' b'ago (more than years in fact) but are simply too willfully ignorant and' b'irrational to acknowledge the fact. of course, you may not actually be a' b'creationist and you may not really be that ignorant.' b'' b'' b'' b"* neither i, nor webster's has ever heard of francis hitchings. who is he? b'' b"i, like hitchings, am not to be found in webster's b^). francis hitchings" b'is a scientifically illiterate creationist (or perhaps he is just playing the' b'part of one) who wrote a quite ignorant book attacking evolution ("the neck of' b'the giraffe"). in that publication he quotes a creationist (jean sloat morton)' b'using the standard invalid creationist probability argument that proteins could' b'not have formed by chance. thus not only confusing abiogenesis with evolution' b'(the two are quite independent) but also concluding with a "non sequitur" (i.e.' b'the conclusion "does not follow"). [pp hitchings also misquotes richard' b'lewontin in an effort to support creationism. [pp b'' b'hitchings book was reviewed by national park service ecologist david graber' b'in the los angeles times (and repeated in the oregonian). the article was' b'titled "`giraffe\' sticks scientific neck out too far". excerpts include b'' b'"francis hitchings is not a biologist." "he goes after darwin like mark' b'antony after brutus. he flips from scientific reasoning to mysticism and' b'pseudo-science with the sinuosity of a snake-oil salesman." "he suggests' b"a mystical `organizing principle' of life, using the similarity of organs" b'in different creatures as evidence [sic]."' b'' b'note that the last statement above is actually evidence for evolution not' b"against it. if john e. king is quoting from this reviewed book it wouldn't" b"surprise me much. it's also interesting that king had nothing to add (i.e." b'he only posted a quote).' b'' b'' b'uucp: uunet!tektronix!sail!mikec or m.cranford' b'uunet!tektronix!sail.labs.tek.com!mikec principal troll' b'' 