b'' b'archive-name: atheism/overview' b'alt-atheism-archive-name: overview' b'last-modified: april b'version: b'' b'overview' b'' b'welcome to alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated.' b'' b'this is the first in a series of regular postings aimed at new readers of the' b'newsgroups.' b'' b"many groups of a 'controversial' nature have noticed that new readers often" b'come up with the same questions, mis-statements or misconceptions and post' b'them to the net. in addition, people often request information which has' b'been posted time and time again. in order to try and cut down on this, the' b'alt.atheism groups have a series of five regular postings under the following' b'titles:' b'' b'1. alt.atheism faq: overview for new readers' b'2. alt.atheism faq: introduction to atheism' b'3. alt.atheism faq: frequently asked questions (faq)' b'4. alt.atheism faq: constructing a logical argument' b'5. alt.atheism faq: atheist resources' b'' b'this is article number please read numbers and before posting. the' b'others are entirely optional.' b'' b'if you are new to usenet, you may also find it helpful to read the newsgroup' b'news.announce.newusers. the articles titled "a primer on how to work with' b'the usenet community", "answers to frequently asked questions about usenet"' b'and "hints on writing style for usenet" are particularly relevant. questions' b'concerning how news works are best asked in news.newusers.questions.' b'' b'if you are unable to find any of the articles listed above, see the "finding' b'stuff" section below.' b'' b'' b'credits' b'' b'these files could not have been written without the assistance of the many' b"readers of alt.atheism and alt.atheism.moderated. in particular, i'd like to" b'thank the following people:' b'' b'' b"...and countless others i've forgotten." b'' b'these articles are free. truly free. you may copy them and distribute them' b'to anyone you wish. however, please send any changes or corrections to the' b'author, and please do not re-post copies of the articles to alt.atheism; it' b'does nobody any good to have multiple versions of the same document floating' b'around the network.' b'' b'' b'finding stuff' b'' b'all of the faq files *should* be somewhere on your news system. here are' b"some suggestions on what to do if you can't find them:" b'' b'1. check the newsgroup alt.atheism. look for subject lines starting with' b'"alt.atheism faq:".' b'' b'2. check the newsgroup news.answers for the same subject lines.' b'' b"if you don't find anything in steps or your news system isn't set up" b'correctly, and you may wish to tell your system administrator about the' b'problem.' b'' b'3. if you have anonymous ftp access, connect to rtfm.mit.edu b"go to the directory /pub/usenet/alt.atheism, and you'll find the latest" b'versions of the faq files there.' b'' b'ftp is a a way of copying files between networked computers. if you' b'need help in using or getting started with ftp, send e-mail to' b'' b'send usenet/news.answers/ftp-list/faq' b'' b'in the body.' b'' b'4. there are other sites which also carry news.answers postings. the article' b'"introduction to the news.answers newsgroup" carries a list of these' b'sites; the article is posted regularly to news.answers.' b'' b'consisting of the following lines:' b'' b'send usenet/news.answers/finding-sources' b'send usenet/alt.atheism/faq' b'send usenet/alt.atheism/introduction' b'send usenet/alt.atheism/logic' b'send usenet/alt.atheism/resources' b'' b'the following lines:' b'' b'send atheism/faq/faq.txt' b'send atheism/faq/logic.txt' b'send atheism/faq/intro.txt' b'send atheism/faq/resource.txt' b'' b'and our poor overworked modems will try and send you a copy of the files.' b'there\'s other stuff, too; interesting commands to try are "help" and' b'"send atheism/index".' b'' b'newsgroup asking how you can get the faq files. you should only do this' b"if you've tried the above methods and they've failed; it's not nice to" b"clutter the newsgroup or people's mailboxes with requests for files." b"it's better than posting without reading the faq, though! for instance," b"people whose email addresses get mangled in transit and who don't have" b'ftp will probably need assistance obtaining the faq files.' b'' b'' b'mathew' b'\xff' 