b'' b'[this is swf in another indirect post via dan].' b'' b'| b'| the same way that any theory is proven false. you examine the' b'predicitions' b"| that the theory makes, and try to observe them. if you don't, or" b'if you' b"| observe things that the theory predicts wouldn't happen, then you" b'have some' b"| evidence against the theory. if the theory can't be modified to" b'| incorporate the new observations, then you say that it is false.' b'|' b'| but how does one handle the nonrepeatability of the experiment? in' b'many types of' b'| experiments the "prediction" is that the observed phenomena will' b'happen again' b'| and be capable of being observed. for example, in chemistry someone' b'may predict' b'| the outcome of a chemical reaction and then actually observe that' b'reaction' b'| repeatedly.' b'' b'there are several problems here. first, you are discussing only' b'experimental procedures. observational procedures are also useful. the' b'main criterion is attempting to verify an idea by using it to make' b'prediction about as-yet unmade observations. the observations could be' b'the result of an experiment, or they could be obsevations of activity' b'occuring spontaneossly in nature, or they could even be observations of' b'the lasting results of events long past. all that matters is that the' b'observations be *new*. this is what prediction is about in science b'it is' b'*not* about predicting the future except in this very restricted' b'sense.' b'' b'secondly, repeatability can also take many forms. it is really just' b'the' b'requirement that independent observers be able to verify the results.' b'the' b"observation of a fossil is 'repeatable', since any qualified observer" b'may' b'look at it (this is why the specimens are reqtined in a museum). also,' b'there is the implicit prediction that future fossil finds will' b'correspond' b'to the current one. new fossils are found often enough that this is' b'tested regularly. many times a new fossil actually falsifies some' b'conclusion made on the basis of previous fossils.' b'' b'unfortunately for you, the models that were falsified have alway been' b'peripheral to the model of evolution we now have. (for instance, the' b'front legs of tyrannosaurus rex turned out to have tremendous muscles,' b'rather than being weakly endowed as previously believed).' b'' b'so, in fact, histoircal science findings *are* repeatable in the' b'necessary sense. just becuase you cannot go out and repeat the' b'original' b'event does *not* make it impossible to make valid observations.' b'' b'[this is not to say that biologists would not go coo-coo if extra-' b'terrestrial life were discovered that could make the determination' b'of the process of abiogenesis relatively easy].' b'' b'--' b'or' b'' b'or' b'' 