b'' b'' b' if some society came up with a good reason for why rape and murder are ok i' b' would be consistent with my position and hold that it was still wrong. my' b' basis of morality is not on societal norms, or on current legalities. my' b' basis is, surprise surprise, on both the bible and on inherent moral' b' abhorrences,' b'' b'ah! but what, exactly, is "inherently abhorrent" and why is it so?' b'what you\'re saying is, in effect, "i think some things are repulsive,' b'and i know a whole bunch of other people who agree with me, so they' b'should be deemed absolutely immoral now and forever, period".' b'' b'which in and of itself is nice enough; to some extent i agree with' b"you. but i do _not_ agree that things are 'inherently' or 'absolutely'" b"immoral; they are labeled 'immoral' each for its own good reason, and if" b'the reason can even theoretically change, then so can the label.' b'' b'[...]' b" yes, that's vague, and the only way i know off the top of my head to" b' defend it is to say that all humans are similarly made. yes, that falls' b' into the trap of creation,' b'' b"no it doesn't. humans are to some extent similar, because we all" b'belong to the same species; that that species has evolved is another' b'story altogether. to a certain extent evolution can even lend credence' b'to moral absolutism (of a flavour).' b'' b'[...]' b' my arguments are that it is better to exhibit trust, goodness,' b' love, respect, courage, and honesty in any society rather than deceipt,' b' hatred, disrespect, "cowardness", and dishonesty.' b'' b"you're saying morality is what'll keep society alive and kicking." b'it is, i think, up to a point; but societies are not all alike, and' b'neither are their moralities.' b'' b" no, i haven't been everywhere and" b" seen everyone, but, according to my thesis, i don't have to, since i hold that" b' we were all created similarly.' b'' b'similar identical.' b'' b' if that makes an unfalsifiable thesis, just say' b" so, and i'll both work out what i can and punt to fellow theists." b'' b'no, it\'s falsifiable through finding someoe who was "created' b'different", whatever that might be in the "real" world.' b'' b'--' b'disclaimer? "it\'s great to be young and insane!"' 