b'' b'' b'' b'br newsgroups: alt.atheism' b'br organization: dgsid, atlanta, ga' b'' b'br since you have referred to the messiah, i assume you' b'br are referring to the new testament. please detail' b"br your complaints or e-mail if you don't want to post." b'br first-century greek is well-known and' b'br well-understood. have you considered josephus, the jewish' b'br historian, who also wrote of jesus? in addition,' b'br the four gospel accounts\t\t are very much in harmony.' b'' b'it is also well known that the comments in josephus relating to jesus were' b'inserted (badly) by later editors. as for the four gospels being in harmony' b'on the issue of jesus... you know not of what you speak. here are a few' b'contradictions starting with the trial and continuing through the assension.' b'' b'the death of judas after the betrayal of jesus' b'' b'acts "now this man (judas) purchased a field with the reward of' b'iniquity; and falling headlong, he burst asunder in the midst, and all his' b'bowels gushed out."' b'' b'matt. "and he (judas) cast down the pieces of silver in the temple,' b'and departed, and went and hanged himself. and the chief priests...bought' b'with them the potter\'s field."' b'' b"what was jesus' prediction regarding peter's denial?" b'' b'before the cock crow matthew b'' b'before the cock crow twice mark b'' b'how many times did the cock crow?' b'' b'mar and the second time the cock crew. and peter called to mind the' b'word that jesus said unto him, before the cock crow twice, thou shalt deny' b'me thrice. and when he thought thereon, he wept.' b'' b'mat then began he to curse and to swear, saying, i know not the man.' b'and immediately the cock crew.' b'mat and peter remembered the word of jesus, which said unto him,' b'before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice. and he went out, and wept' b'bitterly.' b'' b'luk and peter said, man, i know not what thou sayest. and immediately,' b'while he yet spake, the cock crew.' b'luk and the lord turned, and looked upon peter. and peter remembered' b'the word of the lord, how he had said unto him, before the cock crow, thou' b'shalt deny me thrice.' b'' b'joh jesus answered him, wilt thou lay down thy life for my sake?' b'verily,' b'verily, i say unto thee, the cock shall not crow, still thou hast denied me' b'thrice.' b'' b'joh peter then denied again: and immediately the cock crew.' b'' b'destruction of cities (what said was jeremiah was zechariah)' b'' b'(this is interesting because matthew quotes a prophesy that was never made!' b'not the only time he does this either...)' b'' b'mat then was fulfilled that which was spoken by jeremy the prophet,' b'saying, and they took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of him that was' b'valued, whom they of the children of israel did value;' b'' b'zechariah b'(nothing in jeremiah remotely like)' b'' b'what was the color of the robe placed on jesus during his trial?' b'' b'scarlet matthew b'' b'purple john b'' b'the time of the crucifiction' b'' b'mark says the third hour, or a.m., but john says the sixth hour (noon) was' b'when the sentence was passed.' b'' b'inscription on the cross' b'' b'matthew this is jesus the king of the jews' b'mark\t the king of the jews' b'luke\t this is the king of the jews' b'john\t jesus of nazareth the king of the jews' b'' b'what did they give him to drink?' b'' b'vinegar matthew b'' b'wine with myrrh mark b'' b'women at the cross' b'' b'matthew said many stood far off, including mary magdaline, mary the mother of' b"james, and the mother of zebedee's children. mark and luke speak of many far" b'off, and mark includes mary magdeline and mary the mother of james the less.' b"john says that jesus's mother stood at the cross, along with her sister and" b'mary magdalene.' b'' b"jesus' last words" b'' b'matt.27:46,50: "and about the ninth hour jesus cried with a loud voice,' b'saying, "eli, eli, lama sabachthani?" that is to say, "my god, my god, why' b'hast thou forsaken me?" ...jesus, when he cried again with a loud voice,' b'yielded u the ghost."' b'' b'luke23:46: "and when jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, "father, unto' b'thy hands i commend my spirit:" and having said thus, he gave up the ghost."' b'' b'john19:30: "when jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, "it is' b'finished:" and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost."' b'' b'events of the crucifiction' b'' b'matthew says that the veil of the temple was rent, that there was an' b'earthquake, and that it was dark from the sixth to the ninth hour, that graves' b'opened and bodies of the saints arose and went into jeruselem, appearing to' b'many (beating jesus to the resurection). mark and luke speak of darkness and' b'the veil of the temple being rent but mention no earthquake or risen saints.' b"john is the only one who mentions jesus's side being peirced." b'' b'burial of jesus' b'' b'matthew says the jews asked pilate for a guard to prevent the body from being' b'stolen by the disciples, and for the tomb to be sealed. all of this was' b'supposedly done, but the other gospels do not mention these precautions.' b'' b'how long was jesus in the tomb?' b'depends where you look; matthew gives jesus prophesying that he will' b'spend "three days and three nights in the heart of the earth", and mark b'has "after three days (meta treis emeras) he will rise again". as far as i can' b'see from a quick look, the prophecies have "after three days", but the' b'post-resurrection narratives have "on the third day".' b'' b'time of the resurection' b'' b'matthew says sunday at dawn, mark says the sun was rising, and john says it' b'was dark.' b'' b' who was at the empty tomb? is it b'' b'mat in the end of the sabbath, as it began to dawn toward the first' b'day of the week, came mary magdalene and the other mary to see the sepulchre.' b'' b'mar and when the sabbath was past, mary magdalene, and mary the mother' b'of james, and salome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and' b'anoint him.' b'' b'joh the first day of the week cometh mary magdalene early, when it' b'was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the' b'sepulchre.' b'' b'whom did they see at the tomb?' b'' b'mat and, behold, there was a great earthquake: for the angel of the' b'lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door,' b'and sat upon it.' b'mat his countenance was like lightning, and his raiment white as' b'snow: mat and for fear of him the keepers did shake, and became as' b'dead men. mat and the angel answered and said unto the women, fear' b'not ye: for i know that ye seek jesus, which was crucified.' b'' b'mar and entering into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on' b'the right side, clothed in a long white garment; and they were affrighted.' b'' b'luk and it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout,' b'behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:' b'' b'joh and seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at the head, and' b'the other at the feet, where the body of jesus had lain.' b'' b"belief that the disciples stole jesus's body" b'' b'matthew says the guard was paid to tell this story, but no other gospel makes' b'this claim.' b'' b'appearences of the risen jesus' b'' b'matthew says an angel at the tomb told the two marys and that jesus also told' b'them, to tell the disciples to meet him in galilee. the disciples then went' b'to a mountain previously agreed opon, and met jesus there. this was his only' b'appearance, except to the women at the tomb. matthew only devotes five verses' b'to the visit with the disciples.' b'' b'mark says that jesus walked with two of the disciples in the country, and that' b'they told the rest of the disciples, who refused to believe. later he' b'appeared to the disciples at mealtime.' b'' b'luke says two followers went, the same day that jesus rose from the dead, to' b'emmaus, a village eight miles from jeruselem, and there jesus jioned them but' b'was unrecognised. while they ate a meal together that evening, they finally' b'recognised jesus, whereopon he dissapeared. returning at once to jeruselem,' b'they told the' b'disciples of their experience, and suddenly jesus appeared among them,' b'frightening them, as they thought he was a spirit. jesus then ate some fish' b'and honey and then preached to them.' b'' b'john says jesus appeared to the disciples the evening of the day he arrose, in' b'jeruselem, where they were hiding. he breathed the holy ghost opon them, but' b'thomas was not present and refused to believe. eight days later jesus joined' b'the disciples again at the same place and this time he convinced thomas.\tonce' b'more jesus made an' b'appearance to the disciples at the sea of tiberias but again was not' b'recognised.' b'after telling them to cast their netson the other side of the boat, jesus' b'becomes known to them and prepares bread and fish for them. they all eat' b'together and converse.' b'' b'the book of acts further adds to the confusion. it says that jesus showed' b'himself to the apostles for a period of days after his resurection (thus' b'contradicting matthew, mark, luke and john) and spoke to them of things' b'pertaining to the kingdom of god: "and when he had spoken these things, while' b'they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud recieved him out of their sight.' b'and while they looked steadfastly toward heaven as he went up, two men stood' b'by them in white apparel: which also said, ye men of galilee, why stand ye' b'gazing into heaven? this same jesus, which is taken from you into heaven,' b'shall so comein like manneras ye have seen him go into heaven" acts b'' b'paul outdoes every other "authority" by saying that jesus was seen by b'persons between the time of the resurection and the' b'assension, although he does not say where.\the also claims that he himself "as' b'one born out of due time" also saw jesus. cor b'' b'the ascension' b'' b'matthew says nothing about it.\tmark casually says that jesus was recieved into' b'heaven after he was finished talking with the' b'disciples in jeruselem. luke says jesus led the desciples to bethany and that' b'while he blessed them, he was parted from them and carried up into heaven.' b'john says nothing about it. acts' b'contradicts all of the above. (see previous section)' b'' b'when second coming?' b'' b'mat verily i say unto you, this generation shall not pass, till all' b'these things be fulfilled.' b'' b'mar verily i say unto you, that this generation shall not pass, till' b'all these things be done.' b'' b'luk verily i say unto you, this generation shall not pass away, till' b'all be fulfilled.' b'' b'1 thessalonians b'' b'how many apostles were in office between the resurection and ascention' b'1 corinthians b'matthew (minus one from b'acts (mathias not elected until after resurrection)' b'mat then the eleven disciples went away into galilee, into a mountain' b'where jesus had appointed them.' b'' b' ascend to heaven' b'"and elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven." kings b'' b'"no man hath ascended up to heaven but he that came down from heaven, \t...' b'the son of man." (john b'' b'as you can see, there are a number of contradictions in the account of the' b'trial, crucifiction and resurection of jesus. if these are good witnesses,' b'you would think that they could get some of these important details right!' b'(in fact, i cannot find very many points on where they agree. you would think' b'that they could at least agree on some of the points they were supposedly' b'observing!) because of the fact that there is so much contradiction and error,' b'the story of the resurection as presented cannot be taken as literal truth.' b'(due to the nature of the story, i doubt if it should be taken as any sort of' b'truth.)' b'' b'alan' b'' 