b'' b'' b' b' ricardo, the animation playback to which lawrence was referring in an' b' earlier post is plain old quicktime with the compact video codec.' b" i've seen digitized video (some of apple's early commercials, to be" b' precise) running on a centris at about 30fps very nicely (16-bit' b' color depth). i would expect that using the same algorithm, a risc' b' processor should be able to approach full-screen full-motion animation,' b" though as you've implied, the processor will be taxed more with highly" b' dynamic material.' b'' b'' b" sean, i don't want to get into a 'mini-war' by what i am going to say," b' but i have to be a little bit skeptic about the performance you are' b" claiming on the centris, you'll see why (please, no-flames, i reserve" b' those for c.s.m.a b'' b' i was in chicago in the last consumer electronics show, and apple had a' b' booth there. i walked by, and they were showing real-time video capture' b' using a (radious or supermac?) card to digitize and make right on the spot' b' quicktime movies. i think the quicktime they were using was the old one' b' b'' b'that is in fact the current version (it only came out in december).' b'' b' they digitized a guy talking there in 160x2xx something. it played back quite' b' nicely and in real time. the guy then expanded the window (resized) to 25x by' b' 3xx in y i think) and the frame rate decreased enough to notice that it' b" wasn't 30fps (or about 30fps) anymore. it dropped to like fps. then he" b' increased it just a bit more, and it dropped to fps.' b'' b" then i asked him what mac he was using... he was using a quadra (don't know" b' what model, to do it, and he was telling the guys there that the quicktime' b' could play back at the same speed even on an lcii.' b'' b' well, i spoiled his claim so to say, since a quadra mac was having' b" a little bit of trouble. and this wasn't even from the hardisk! this was" b' from memory!' b'' b"my test movie was created at resolution, it wasn't being scaled up." b'scaling was a very cpu-intensive operation with the original quicktime b'the current version has optimizations for ratios like b"but even so, i'm prepared to believe that the performance isn't as good as" b"with playing back an actual movie. i haven't done any numerical" b'measurements for scaled playback.' b'' b"lawrence d'oliveiro fone: b'computer services dept fax: b'hamilton, new zealand s, e, gmt+12:00' 