b'' b'' b'' b'boy, this will be embarassing if it is trivial or an faq:' b'' b'given points (non coplanar), how does one find the sphere, that is,' b'center and radius, exactly fitting those points? i know how to do it' b'for a circle (from points), but do not immediately see a' b'straightforward way to do it in 3-d. i have checked some' b'geometry books, graphics gems, and farin, but am still at a loss?' b'please have mercy on me and provide the solution?' b'' b"it's not a bad question: i don't have any refs that list this algorithm" b"either. but thinking about it a bit, it shouldn't be too hard." b'' b'1) take three of the points and find the plane they define as well as' b'the circle that they lie on (you say you have this algorithm already)' b'' b'2) find the center of this circle. the line passing through this center' b'perpendicular to the plane of the three points passes through the center of' b'the sphere.' b'' b'3) repeat with the unused point and two of the original points. this' b"gives you two different lines that both pass through the sphere's" b'origin. their interection is the center of the sphere.' b'' b"4) the radius is easy to compute, it's just the distance from the center to" b'any of the original points.' b'' b"i'll leave the math to you, but this is a workable algorithm. b'' b'good i had a bad feeling about this problem because of a special case' b'with no solution that worried me.' b'' b'four coplanar points in the shape of a square have no unique sphere' b'that they are on the surface of.' b'similarly colinear point have no finite sized sphere that they are on the' b'surface of.' b'' b'these algorithms being geometrical designed rather than algebraically design' b'meet these problems neatly.' b'' b'when determining which plane the points are on if they are colinear' b'the algorithm should afil or return infinite r.' b'when intersecting the two lines there are possibilities' b'they are the same line (the points were on a planar circle)' b'they are different lines but parallel. there is a sphere of in radius.' b'' b'this last case can be achieved with colinier points and any 4th point' b'by taking the 4th point and pairs of the first parallel lines will be produced' b'' b'it can also be achieved by' b'' b'if all points are coplanar but are not on one circle.' b'' b'it seems to me that the algorithm only fails when the points are coplanar.' b'the algorithm always fails when the points are coplanar.' b'(4 points being colinear coplanar)' b'' b'testing if the 4th point is coplanar when the plane of the first points' b'has been found is trivial.' b'' b'' b'an alternate method would be to take pairs of points: the plane formed' b'by the perpendicular bisector of each line segment pair also contains the' b'center of the sphere. three pairs will form three planes, intersecting' b'at a point. this might be easier to implement.' b'' b'-steve' 