b'' b'' b'visual numerics inc. (formerly imsl and precision visuals) is in the' b'process of securing sites for beta testing x exponent graphics b'and c exponent graphics (both x exponent graphics and c exponent' b'graphics are 3gl products). the beta period is from april through' b'june the platform is hp9000/700 running under os with' b'ansi c compiler. the media will be sent on 4mm dat cartridge' b'tape. here are some of the key facts about the two products.' b'' b'x exponent graphics key facts:' b'' b'1. complete collection of high-level 2d and 3d application plot types' b'available through a large collection of x resources.' b'2. cstom widget for osf/motif developers.' b'3. built-in interactive gui for plot customization.' b'4. easily-implemented callbacks for customized application feedback.' b'5. xeg being built on the xt toolkit provides the user a widget' b'library that conforms to the expected syntax and standards familar' b'to x programmers.' b"6. xeg will also be sold as a bundle with visual edge's uim/x product." b'this will enable user to use a gui builder to create the graphical' b'layout of an application.' b'' b'c exponent graphics key facts:' b'' b'1. written in c for c application programmers/developers. the library' b'is written in c, and the programming interface conforms to c' b'standards, taking advantage fo the most desirable features of c.' b'2. build-in gui for interactive plot customization. through mouse' b'interaction, the user has complete interactive graph output control' b'with over graphics attributes for plot customization.' b'3. large collection of high-level application functions for "two-call"' b'graph creation. a wide variety of 2d and 3d plot types are available' b'with minimal programming effort.' b'4. user ability to interrupt and control the x event. by controlling' b'the x event loop, when the user use the mouse to manipulate the plot' b'the user can allow ceg to control the event loop or the user can' b'control the event loop.' b'' b'if anyone is interested in beta testing either of the products, please' b'713-279-1066.' b'' b'' b'--' b'jaclyn brandt' b'--' 