b'' b'i need some help. we are upgrading our animation/video editing stand. we' b'are looking into the different type of setups for a/b roll and a cuts only' b'station. we would like this to be controlled by a computer brand doesnt matter but maybe mac, or amiga). low end to high end system setups would be very' b'helpful. if you have a system or use a system that might be of use, could you' b'mail me your system requirements, what it is used for, and all the hardware and' b'software that will be necessary to set the system up. if you need more' b'' b'thanks in advance.' b'' b':ken' b'' b'' b'here at lewis and clark college we have recently installed a digital film' b'system (based on the mac quadra) that does non-linear, full digital editing.' b'' b"if you're considering such a system, here are the pros and cons:" b'' b'for the educational environment, this system is excellent. we use it to' b'produce a variety of educational materials for disemination on our local' b'network. because this programming is going to be viewed on other macs, the' b'image quality is not as important as the ability to directly export the' b'video to the net.' b'' b'we also use it to produce orientiation and promotional video programs for' b'use by the lewis clark community. since these programs are not meant for' b'commercial or broadcast use, image quality is not critical.' b'' b'the digital film system, for those of you who are uninitiated, is an a/b roll' b'digitizing system on one jpeg compression card. it was promoted as' b'an inexpensive online editing system with svhs quality. supermac, the maker' b'of the card, is trying to achieve this quality level, but as yet, has been' b'unable to deliver. our system produces "near vhs" quality at fields per' b'second (640x480 overscan). the card repeats every other field to get b'fields per second. this results in a kind of super film look that some' b'find distracting.' b'' b"if you can get past this problem, you'll find the adobe premier editing" b'software quite enjoyable with which to work. it produces thousands of' b'different effects from crystalize filters to dve transitions to color matting.' b'' b"because of its non-linear nature, editing is fast and easy. if you've ever" b"used (or seen used) an avid or montage system, you'll recognize the methodology" b'and the user interface.' b'' b'the total system with quadra (40megs of ram), gig drive, apple mon-' b'itor, panasonic svhs edit deck, audio gear (cassette, cd, eq, mixer, etc),' b'composite monitor, digital film card will set you back about b'' b'for you video cowboys and girls, this system will not output at a quality' b'that will satisfy most of your clients. even though you can perform more' b'effects than a toasterhead can imagine, an amiga based off-line based system' b'will look better.' b'' b'we use both macs and amigas for our video work. each for what each does best!' b'' b'' b'dan snodgrass' b'media services' b'lewis clark college' b'portland' 