b'' b'' b'printer model and specification:' b'' b'canon clc (color laser copier)' b'ps-ipu unit (postscript intelligent processing unit)' b'' b'' b'hello,' b'' b'we have recently purchased a very expensive and nice color copier/printer.' b'we want to be able to print to it from our sgi iris network. the' b'copier/printer has both a parallel and scsi interface. i have configured the' b'printer with the "lp" system using the parallel interface and can print' b'postscript files to the printer. i can also print rgb files, but these are in' b'turn converted to postscript by an internal filter. the canon clc is a' b'publication quality printer but the quality of our postscript printouts' b'are less than acceptable. we create the postscript files with a variaty of' b'programs, such as showcase, xv, and tops. when we convert to postscript' b'with tops and use the -l option to specify the halftone screen density of b'rather than the default the output is better, but still much less that' b'acceptable. note, that we are starting with a screen image in rgb image format' b'and translating the image into postscript.' b'' b'we suspect that if we could use the scsi interface we would get higher quality' b'pictures. we have not purchased the software that drives the printer from the' b'scsi port. to my knowledge this software is and does not come with a' b'warranty. the management here does not want to spend this much money without' b'some assurance that the product will work.' b'' b'' b'here my questions:' b'' b'if anybody on the net uses this printer are you using the scsi or' b'parallel port? what is the quality of the printouts?' b'' b'is there a way to create high quality postscript printouts? what is the' b'limiting component, the postscript language or the postscript interpretor on' b'the printer?' b'' b'the big question:' b'' b'where can i get some software to drive the scsi port for this printer?' b'' b'' b'' b"please email directly to me, i don't not read news on a regular basis." b'i will post a summary.' b'' b'thanks in advance.' b'' b'--' b'title: \tsr. systems manager/analyst' 