b'' b'' b'**************************** sphinx b'' b'sphinx is a user-friendly, state-of-the-art image processing' b'and analysis package that runs across a spectrum of high performance' b'computer platforms operating unix and the x-window system.' b'' b'it was created to meet to the daily research needs of scientists' b'conducting climate investigations using satellite data and remote' b'sensing techniques.' b'' b'intuitive graphic interface' b'' b'sphinx features an interactive interface with pop-up menus and' b'point-and-click dialog boxes which makes image processing and' b'analysis simple and fast.' b'this accessible menuing enables you to build attractive image' b'layouts quickly while also providing you the flexibility of returning' b'to the main menu to conduct other image analysis and processing operations.' b'' b'image format compatibility' b'' b'using smart read/write functions, sphinx allows you to easily open' b'and save image files in a variety of formats using bit, integer or real' b'data values. sphinx also reads and writes the common tiff and gif formats' b'as well as compresses and decompresses image formats to save disk space.' b'' b'image analysis processing' b'' b'for image and pixel analysis, the sphinx package includes an' b'assortment of processing tools that perform useful statistical and' b'mathematical filtering operations, such as fourier transforms, convolution' b'product or principal component analyses.' b'an interactive interpreter for both algebraic equations and images allows' b'the user to manipulate and combine individual data channels interactively.' b'standard fortran notation is used for formula entry and for trig' b'onometric and transcendental functions.' b'' b'satellite spectra orbit analysis' b'' b'sphinx possesses functions to simulate satellite signal sensitivity' b'for various meteorological satellites (e.g., goes, meteosat, noaa, spot etc.).' b'the simulations are conducted for a selection of standard atmospheric and' b'surface conditions and instrument spectral bands.' b'a geometry model computes the solar zenith angles, warping, orbit simulation,' b'and 3-d image projection.' b'' b'easy external program interfacing' b'' b'sphinx allows users the flexibility to integrate externally' b'developed software algorithms for processing and converting satellite' b'observations. sphinx exports and imports image files and image parameters' b'to external programs using special interface functions.' b'' b'quick quality presentation' b'' b'sphinx rapidly displays, manipulates, and enhances high-resolution' b'multispectral images and color tables. using six 8-bit 1024x1024 image' b'planes and one graphics plane, the package conveniently combines color images,' b'graphics and text to generate sharp digital images for articles and reports.' b"sphinx's 2-d and 3-d graphics editor provides complete flexibility for modifying" b'and integrating vector graphics and analysis plots with images, such as' b'histograms and radial graphs. the package supplies color and gray scale' b'output for standard inkjet and laser printers.' b'other capabilities sphinx also performs image animation, external' b'graphics importing, mosaic fitting... what else?' b'' b'software support development' b'' b"sphinx was developed at the laboratoire d'optique atmospherique (loa)" b'of the universite de lille, france.' b'the package has received critical feedback and support from scientists at' b'the french national laboratory, centre national de recherche scientifique (cnrs),' b"and the french space agency, centre national d'etudes spatiales (cnes)." b'at loa, sphinx undergoes continued refinement and development to meet changing' b'research needs and advances in computer technology. the package, which features' b'on-line help, is supported by an internet address' b'' b'version updates provided without delay.' b'' b'performance tested' b'' b'cnes has selected sphinx to analyze and process the satellite data' b'collected during the upcoming adeos/polder satellite mission. today,' b'the sphinx package is in use at the nasa goddard space flight center' b'and is widely used in many french laboratories, including' b"the centre de recherche en physique de l'environnement, ecole normale superieure b"laboratoire d' etudes et de recherches en teledetection spatiale, laboratoire" b'de meteorologie dynamique.' b'' b'' b'a test version of sphinx is available at loasil.citilille.fr' b'(134.206.50.4) anonymous (bin cd sphinx get all_sphinx.tar.z)' b'' b'in the test version the output files are disable. however the' b'visualisation and graphic functions are available. this is' b'sufficient to work with.' b'' b'if you are interested in keeping "sphinx", send us your email' b'and you will receive news about the package evolution.' b'' b'the software is changing with user suggestions we will' b'appreciate your comments.' b'' b'' 