b'' b'ok, with all the discussion about observed playback speeds with quicktime,' b"the effects of scaling and so on, i thought i'd do some more tests." b'' b'first of all, i felt that my original speed test was perhaps less than' b'realistic. the movie i had been using only had frames in it (it was a' b'version of the very first movie i created with the compact video compressor).' b'i decided something a little longer would give closer to real-world results' b'(for better or for worse).' b'' b'i pulled out a copy of a space odyssey" that i had recorded off tv' b"a while back. about fifteen minutes into the movie, there's a sequence where" b'the earth shuttle is approaching the space station. specifically, i digitized' b"a portion of about seconds' duration, zooming in on the rotating space" b'station. i figured this would give a reasonable amount of movement between' b'frames. to increase the differences between frames, i digitized it at only' b'5 frames per second, to give a total of frames.' b'' b'i captured the raw footage at a resolution of pixels with the spigot' b'card in my centris (quarter-size resolution from a pal source). i then' b'imported it into premiere and put it through the compact video compressor,' b'keeping the fps frame rate. i created two versions of the movie: one scaled' b'to resolution, the other at resolution. i used the default' b'"2.00" quality setting in premiere and specified a key frame every ten' b'frames.' b'' b'i then ran the movie through the same "raw speed test" program i used' b"for the results i'd been reporting earlier." b'' b'result: a playback rate of over frames per second.' b'' b"that's right, i was getting a much higher result than with that first short" b'test movie. just for fun, i copied the movie to my external hard' b'disk (a quantum lp105s), and ran it from there. this time the playback rate' b'was only about frames per second. obviously the 230mb internal hard disk' b'(also a quantum) is a significant contributor to the speed of playback.' b'' b'i modified my speed test program to allow the specification of optional' b'scaling factors, and tried playing back the movie scaled to b'size. this time the playback speed was over fps. clearly, the poster who' b'observed poor performance on scaled playback was seeing quicktime in' b"action, not i'd try my tests with quicktime but i don't think it's" b'entirely compatible with my centris and system b'' b'unscaled, the playback rate for the movie was over fps.' b'' b'the other thing i tried was saving versions of the movie with' b'"preferred" playback rates greater than and seeing how well they played' b"from within movieplayer (ie with quicktime's normal synchronized playback)." b"a preferred rate of fps) didn't work too well: the playback was" b'very jerky. compare this with the raw speed test, which achieved fps with' b"ease. i can't believe that quicktime's synchronization code would add this" b"much overhead: i think the slowdown was coming from the mac system's task" b'switching.' b'' b"a preferred rate of fps) seemed to work fine: i couldn't see" b'any evidence of stutter. at fps) i *think* i could see slight' b'stutter, but with four key frames every second, it was hard to tell.' b'' b'i guess i could try recreating the movies with a longer interval between the' b'key frames, to make the stutter more noticeable. of course, this will also' b'improve the compression slightly, which should speed up the playback performance' b'even more...' b'' b"lawrence d'oliveiro fone: b'computer services dept fax: b'hamilton, new zealand s, e, gmt+12:00' 