b'' b'hi all,' b'i am looking into methods i can use to turn my linux based bbs into a full color' b'graphical bbs that supports pc, mac, linux, and amiga callers.' b'originally i was inspired by the naplps graphics standard (a summary of' b'which hit this group about weeks ago).' b'' b'i posted that document (forgot part etc) but it was more than a summary,' b'it was a complete technical description of the protocol. it can be ftped' b'from simtel or from wuarchive.wustl.edu in mirrors/msdos/naplps' b'' b'following up on software availability of naplps supporting software i find' b'that most terminal programs are commercial the only resonable shareware one being' b'pp3 which runs soley on msdos machines leaving mac and amiga users to buy full' b"commercial software if they want to try out the bbs (i know i wouldn't)" b'' b'next most interesting possibility is to port mgr to pc, mac, amiga. i' b'' b'why not write a naplps decoder for your choice of platform and release the' b'code to the net? then other willing souls can help port it to other platforms.' b'naplps was designed for this type of online interactive graphics much the' b'same as x, but while x is intended for high-bandwidth network connections,' b'naplps was optimized for low bandwidth modem connections.' b'' b'is there a color version of mgr for linux?' b'' b'does anyone have any other suggestions for a linux based gui bbs b'' b"i'm sure you will receive other suggestions but look at it this way. if you" b'wanted to provide a full network connection to linux over a modem would you' b'use slip/ppp or would you invent some new way? most people would say that' b'slip/ppp exist and are reasonably well designed protocols, so lets just' b'implement them. i see it the same way with naplps. it is an existing, well' b'thought out, extensible protocol for online graphics, so why not implement' b'it.' b'' b'if you need any advice on implementation, just e-mail me. i am currently' b'getting a beta version of my coreldraw to naplps converter working well' b'enough to release it by may if you or someone else does not get going' b'on a freely available naplps decoder, then i intend to do it after i get' b'a my conversion program out of beta, and get a couple of other things done.' b'' b'--' b'c-4 powerhouse fidonet: b'rr armstrong, bc v0e 1b0 voice: b'canada bbs: 