b'' b'rfd' b'request for discussion' b'for the' b'open telematic group' b'' b'otg' b'' b'i have proposed the forming of a consortium/task force for the' b'promotion of naplps/jpeg, fif to openly discuss ways, method,' b'procedures,algorythms, applications, implementation, extensions of' b'naplps/jpeg standards. these standards should facilitate the creation' b'of real_time online applications that make use of voice, video,' b'telecommuting, hires graphics, conferencing, distant learning, online' b'order entry, fax,in addition these dicussion would assist all to' b'better understand how sgml, cals, oda, mime, oodbms, jpeg, mpeg,' b'fractals, sql, cdrom, cdromxa, kodak photocd, tcl, v.fast, and' b'eia/tia562, can best be incorporated and implemented to develop' b'telematic/multimedia applications.' b'' b'we want to be able to support dos, unix, mac, windows, nt, os/2' b'platforms. it is our hope that individuals, developers, corporations,' b'universities, r d labs would join in in supporting such an endeavor.' b'' b'this would be a not_for_profit group with bylaws and charter. already' b'many corporations have decided to support otg (open telematic group) so' b'do not delay joining if you are a developer' b'' b'an rfd has been posted to form a usenet newsgroup and a faq will soon' b'be be composed to start promulgating what is known on the subject. if' b'you would like to be added to the maillist send email or mail to the' b'address below.' b'' b'this group would publish an electronic quarterly naplps/jpeg' b'newsletter as well as a hardcopy version. we urge all who wants to' b'see cmcs hires based applications the naplps/jpeg g r o w, decide to' b'join and mutually benefit from this not-for_profit endeavor.' b'' b'note: telematic has been defined by mr. james martin as the marriage' b'of voice, video, hi-res graphics, fax, ivr, music over telephone' b'lines/lan.' b'' b'if you would like to get involve write to me at:' b'' b'atlanta, georgia, us cis b'| fidonet b'| bbs zyxel 14.4k' b'--' b'gatech!kd4nc!vdbsan!willard!edimg' b'emory!uumind!willard!edimg' b"willard's house bbs, atlanta, ga 