b'' b'' b'' b't h e g r a p h i c s b b s' b'' b'# b'#' b'### b'# b'# b'#### b'# b'### b'.rent.com' b'' b'"it\'s better than a sharp stick in the eye!" andy meyer' b'' b'' b'we are pleased to announce that we have just upgraded our system to a' b'new hayes ultra v.32bis/v.42bis modem that will allow connections' b'from 300bps up to 38,400bps!' b'' b'' b'featuring:' b'' b'o a graphics specific system for those of you interested in' b'such things as 3d graphics, image processing, animation,' b'clip-art and the latest in public domain graphics programs!' b'' b'o graphics specific mailing lists such as imagine 3d, dctv' b'and lightwave 3d mailing lists aliased to easy to read' b'forums which you can join and read. many more to come!' b'' b'o free usenet access and free netmail to sites all over the' b'world! the ability to contact software/hardware developers' b'right at their mainframes just by sending them netmail from' b'the graphics bbs! not to mention your kids at college or your' b'parents from college.' b'' b'with our quick connections and reliable links, you can have' b'your mail sent around the world in a matter of minutes!' b'' b'o a unique conference (bulletin) section. the abilty to join' b'and keep track of only the conferences that you enjoy.' b'' b'the ability to read in files from your own personal file area' b'for use in messages. also, with proper access, you can create' b'your own conference and moderate it.' b'' b'o newsfeeds from usenet that include topics such as graphics,' b'mac, amiga, ibm, science, erotica, ham radio, star trek,' b'scuba diving, programmers forums, game designers forums, and' b'cyberspace forums.' b'' b'o the most sophisticated, but easy to learn and use mail system' b'ever created for a pc! you can easily read your mail, delete' b'it or move it to your personal directory for storage and reply' b'to it. you can attach files to your mail and send it to' b'another member. a smart sendmail feature ensures accurate' b'addressing of netmail.' b'' b'o ability to send mail and messages to arpanet, usenet, internet,' b'bitnet and any of the networks that interface with them around the' b'world such as fidonet, peoplenet and the uucp network of university' b'and research facility systems.' b'' b'o a file library containing downloads for most popular computers' b'featuring an easy to learn and use system. the library features' b'master directory listing, newscan and search capabilities as' b'well as complete archived file listings.' b'' b'the file library supports most popular transfer protocols' b'such as x,y,z modem as well as advance protocols such as' b'hs-link and bi-modem.' b'' b'the file library also doubles as a file-server for users from' b'other sites all around the world!' b'' b'o complete control over your environment. you select whether' b'you want hot-key control, menus, -more- prompting etc. you' b'can define your cancel key and choose your terminal emulation.' b'' b'you can also edit your personal login script to do what you' b'want it to do.' b'' b'o online games (global war, jet combat simulator, etc.). new' b'games to be added.' b'' b'o online manual and extensive help facilities. complete tracking' b'of online usage time.' b'' b'o megabytes of storage.' b'' b'' b'the graphics bbs currently runs on an ibm at at 8mhz with meg of' b'ram,' b'meg ide' b'drive.' b'' b'call the graphics bbs at b'300 baud, hours a day, everyday!' b'' 