b'' b'' b'---------------------- lightwave3d mail-list b'' b'-- what is lightwave? b'' b'lightwave3d is part of a suite of programs that come bundled with a' b'device called the "toaster" (from newtek, inc.) that operates on an' b'amiga platform. the lightwave software (lightwave=lightwave3d and' b'lightwave modeler) allows and artist to create three dimensional' b'photo-realistic images for a variety of purposes.' b'' b'-- why are we doing this? b'' b'this mailing list is for those interested in the lightwave software, how' b'it operates and in ideas on how to obtain the best quality images' b'available to them. the list is for those who own the toaster and' b'lightwave as well as those just interested in what can be done with the' b'package. we hope to share information, tips, procedures and to bond as' b'a group.' b'' b'-- what are the rules? b'' b'since lightwave/modeler are just a part of the newtek video toaster' b"software, i'm sure we will discuss a few items related to the operation" b'of the toaster. however, we will strive to keep the subject revolving' b'specifically around the 3d software, related tools and products.' b'' b'you do not have to own a toaster to join this list!' b'' b'-- ok! how do i join? b'' b'to become a member of the lightwave3d mailing list you must send a mail' b'message to the address:' b'' b'' b'in the body of the message enter:' b'' b'' b'or just ask to be signed up and i will sign you up to the list. at this' b'point in time the process is manual but i hope to get an automated' b"script based system in place soon. there shouldn't be too much of a" b'delay in joining. expect a "welcome" message within days after you' b'send your request. then, expect the mail to start flowing in!' b'' b'-- how do i post to the list? b'' b'contributing to the list is simple. just mail your articles to the' b'following address:' b'' b'' b'your article will be processed by the system and distributed to all' b'others joined to the list. your articles will also be sent to you so' b'you know that your article has made it to the list. however, those' b'addresses that are either no good or no longer active will bounce back' b'to you. so, if you post an article and another members address is no' b'longer valid, your original article will be returned to you. this' b"doesn't mean it hasn't been posted to the list. in fact, just the" b'opposite is true. it means that your article was posted and that it' b"couldn't be sent to one or more of the members of the list due to a bad" b'address.' b'' b'note: i hope to have a fix for this behavior soon.' b'' b'-- how do i quit the list? b'' b'simply mail a request to be removed from the list to the same address' b'you used to sign up:' b'' b'' b'in the body of the message enter:' b'' b'' b'i will remove your name from the list of members. please, if you join' b'the list and your account is going to be closed or if you will not be' b'able to receive mail for a while, send a request to be removed from the' b'list! if you are just going to lose access for a short while still send' b'a request for a suspension of your membership and i will suspend' b'forwarding of the articles to you.' b'' b'' b'-- what about old articles? b'' b'i am currently archiving all the articles posted to the list at the' b'originating site (bobsbox). however, i can not continue to do this due' b'to lack of disk space. what we need is a volunteer that will maintain a' b'compendium of articles sent to the list. they can compress and store' b'them in archives on their system. they can then periodically post an' b'index of the contents of the compendium and any other information that' b'relates.' b'' b'if there are no volunteers then maybe someone can donate a large scsi' b'hard drive to me for archival purposes. <grin' b'' b'i have setup a mail-based file server so that anyone interested in the' b'list can obtain information as well as the entire archive of past' b'articles, the membership listing and other information pertaining to' b'the lightwave3d mailing list. for information on this service, please' b'send a mail message to:' b'' b'' b'the first command to the server must be "help" or "user name <passwd".' b'' b'use help to request a current copy of the helpfile.' b'use user name [passwd] to connect to the service.' b'use to get a short listing of all available commands.' b'' b'' b'' b'-- now what do i do? b'' b'well, sit back and enjoy the pouring out of information. if you have' b'something to offer, please feel free to contribute that information to' b'the list. every little bit helps. questions are welcomed! it makes' b'some of us feel important when we can answer them. <grin' b'' b'if you have any questions or comments regarding the list, please contact' b'me at the address:' b'' b'' b'cheers,' b'' b'' b'bob lindabury' 