b'' b'' b'for immediate release' b'' b'editorial contact:' b'single source marketing: myra manahan b'genoa systems: joseph brunoli b'neil roehm 432-9090/technical' b'' b'' b'genoa presents high performance' b'video graphics accelerator' b'' b'san jose, calif usa genoa systems corporation announces' b'windowsvga a true color 24-bit graphics accelerator card that' b'delivers up to million colors at speeds faster than the' b'competition. plus it offers a full range of resolutions, high' b'refresh rates as well as unique proprietary performance features.' b'the card is available in both 16-bit isa bus and 32-bit vesa local' b'bus versions (models and 8500vl).' b'with 1mb dram on board, the windowsvga card offers' b'maximum resolution up to x and supports a refresh rate' b'of 72hz at x and resolution up to x b'non-interlaced. both models provide performance many times greater' b'than standard svga boards, yet conform to all current video' b'standards.' b"windowsvga features genoa's flickerfree(tm) technology," b'which eliminates screen flash and flicker to make viewing much more' b'comfortable. the cards also come with safescan(tm), a utility' b'developed by genoa to eliminate the black border around the screen' b'and thereby provide 100-percent screen use for overscanning monitors.' b'windowsvga model 8500vl takes full advantage of the speed' b'offered by the new vesa local bus technology. most vl bus cards' b'will only handle data transfers up to 33mhz, but the 8500vl will' b'transfer data at the full speed of the cpu, up to 50mhz. genoa is' b'also offering this card in the "turbobahn" combination packaged' b'with their turboexpress 486vl motherboard.' b'built around the cirrus logic gd-5426 gui accelerator,' b'windowsvga offers the user an exceptional price/performance' b'value. genoa\'s advanced proprietary drivers act to "turbocharge"' b'the chip, thereby providing an affordable accelerator card with' b'power and performance that surpass many of the more highly priced' b'chip cards. the genoa user will enjoy optimal speed and' b'reliability for such programs as windows, autocad, autoshade, 3d' b'studio, os/2, orcad and more. driver updates and product bulletins' b"are available on genoa's bbs at b'genoa systems manufactures and markets an extensive line of' b'graphics adapters, motherboards, audio and multimedia cards for' b'ibm-compatible personal computers. all products come with a two' b'year limited warranty on parts and labor. genoa products are' b'currently distributed worldwide through authorized distributors,' b'resellers, vars and systems integrators.' b'for more information contact joe brunoli, marketing' b'manager, genoa systems at e. trimble road, san jose, calif.' b'95131; tel: or fax: b'' b'' b'--' 