b'' b'' b' also if anyone else is doing what i am planning i would be happy to hear' b'from you with any advice you might provide as to the computer system you' b'use and/or any peripherals or software. it seemed the quadra would be' b'my best bet to modify photographic images. i am planning on buying a quadra' b'800 with 32megs of ram, a 510meg hard drive, a dpi scanner, sony' b'monitor and a 88meg cartridge drive and perhaps a cd rom. i am new to' b'computers and any advice would be great.' b'' b'well, i have lots of experience with scanning in images and altering' b'them. as for changing them back into negatives, is that really possible?' b"scanning and altering is no big deal. i don't know what types of" b'features you have in your version of photoshop. but the one i use' b'(which, incidentally is on a quadra) has gallery effects and all types' b'of other neato stuff.' b"i'm just wondering why you would want to put your images back into" b"negatives, because once you print the image out-that's your print." b'do you know what exactly your aim is in all of this? like, are you' b'doing this just for fun, for a business, to gain more computer' b"knowledge, for a project you're working on...." b"otherwise, i guess i don't know if i'd be helping or not by posting info" b'on scanning and stuff.' b'ok? cool.' b'seeya' b'' b'jennifer urso: the oh-so bitter woman of utter blahness(but cheerful' b'undertones)' b'' b'it is for a business and the end product has to be a photograph.' b'i take damaged black and whites, usually old, some very, and repair them' b'by hand at present. i would like to do this by using a computer.' b'i am just trying to find a vendor who can convert my computer stored' b'images to negatives or thermal print. the customer will want his/her' b'copy as much as possible like a brand new original photgraph.' b'' b'' b'-- david' b'' b'ps. thanks to all of you who have sent me information it was very' b'helpful in my learning about computers combined with photography.' b'if anyone else has any information i would be grateful.' b'' b'' 