b'' b'' b'' b'first annual phigs user group conference' b'' b'the first annual phigs user group conference was held march b'in orlando, florida. the conference was organized by the rensse-' b'laer design research center in co-operation with ieee and sig-' b'graph. attendees came from five countries spanning three con-' b'tinents. a good cross-section of the phigs community was' b'represented at this conference with participants including phigs' b'users, workstation vendors, third-party phigs implementors, stan-' b'dards committee members, and researchers from industry and' b'academia. the opening speaker, dr. richard puk, challenged phigs' b'users to "take charge of your phigs" by participating in phigs' b'standardization activities and communicating their needs to phigs' b'implementors. the closing speaker, dr. andries van dam,' b'described his vision of the future of graphics standards "beyond' b'phigs".' b'' b'technical paper sessions in the conference covered the following' b'topics: phigs and x, application toolkits, application issues,' b'texture mapping, nurbs, phigs extensions, and object-oriented' b'libraries and frameworks. panel sessions on phigs and pex, phigs' b'non-retained data, real-world cad applications using phigs, and' b'portability issues generated enthusiastic discussions and formed' b'a good forum for exchange of ideas, needs, and experiences. the' b'conference also included a day full of tutorials on topics rang-' b'ing from mathematics for 3d graphics to object-oriented tools' b'based on phigs.' b'' b"next year's conference is planned for march, b'' b'phigs everywhere' b'' b'at the conference, phigs vendors described and demonstrated' b'phigs products that run on all types of computers, from pcs to' b'mainframes.' b'' b'megatek corporation demonstrated their phigs extensions including' b'conditional traversal, composite logical input devices, texturing' b'and translucency.' b'' b'template graphics software launched figaro+ pro, the photo-' b'realistic option for phigs+. figaro+ pro is designed to add' b'advanced rendering to the existing phigs+ api, with features like' b'ray tracing, materials, anti-aliasing and texture mapping.' b'radiosity support is also planned.' b'' b'figaro+ is an example of how tgs continues to add newly emerging' b'graphics features to their products. figaro+ supports immediate' b'mode extensions to phigs and also supports sun xgl, hp starbase' b'and sgi gl/opengl. figaro+ for nt will be released this summer.' b'' b'tgs also demonstrated the latest versions of figraph, a powerful' b'"2-call" charting system based on phigs+, and figt, an object-' b'oriented utility library for phigs/pex developers.' b'' b'g5g and gallium software demonstrated a new version of gphigs on' b'silicon graphics workstations. scheduled for summer, ver-' b"sion of gphigs, the company's phigs+ library for worksta-" b'tions, will include an advanced phigs debugger that allows phigs' b'developers to display and browse phigs structures and other phigs' b'internal state. g5g also described their non-duplicated data' b'store that stores pointers to application data in the gphigs css' b'for more efficient use of memory. in addition, g5g described' b'their application gse that allows application callback functions' b"during gphigs traversal. gphigs and phigure, g5g's data visual-" b'izer and application development toolkit, are currently available' b'on all major workstations that support gl, x windows, pex, or' b'starbase.' b'' b'wise software presented a slide show of z-phigs for ms-windows' b'and arena, a phigs based modeller/render. z-phigs implements most' b'of the phigs+ primitives. in addition z-phigs has built in many' b'advanced rendering features like texture mapping, shadow genera-' b'tion, area quick updates and ray tracing. a demo disk of z-phigs' b'or arena is available on request.' b'' b'atc exhibited grafpak-phigs, their full-featured phigs implemen-' b'tation based on dec phigs. grafpak-phigs is available on most' b'workstation platforms with c, fortran and ada bindings and incor-' b'porates pex support.' b'' b'within the booth sponsored by advanced technology center, digital' b'equipment corporation demonstrated dec phigs v2.4 running on the' b"dec axp pxg. atcs' grafpak-phigs is a port of dec phigs." b'dec phigs v2.4 contains most phigs and phigs plus features with' b'support for pex v5.1 protocol. dec phigs also contains most' b'gm/eds phigs extensions including post-to-view as well as' b'proprietary extensions to support immediate mode rendering and' b'the use of phigs in an x11 environment.' b'' b'axp, dec, and dec phigs are trademarks of digital equipment cor-' b'poration. grafpak-phigs and atc are trademarks of advanced tech-' b'nology center. pex and x11 are trademarks of massachusetts insti-' b'tute of technology.' b'' b'the ibm exhibit featured a gto accelerator attached to an ibm b'workstation running graphigs and pex.' b'' b'hewlett packard and shographics demonstrated at the conference. a' b'hewlett packard machine was coupled to display on a shographics' b'pex terminal. hp showcased their latest phigs product enhance-' b'ments.' b'' b'' b'phigs user group' b'' b'the phigs users group was formed to aid the development of phigs' b'applications and provide user feedback to phigs implementors and' b'phigs standards bodies. for more information about the phigs' b'users group, send e-mail to:' b'' b'' b'or write to:' b'' b'sankar jayaram' b'virginia polytechnic institute' b'114 randolph hall' b'blacksburg, va. b'fax: b'' b'' b'vendor contacts' b'' b'megatek corporation' b'tel b'fax b'' b'template graphics software' b'tel b'fax b'' b'wise software gmbh' b'tel b'fax b'' b'g5g north american sales' b'tel b'fax b'' b'advanced technology center' b'tel b'fax b'' b'digital equipment corporation' b'tel b'' b'international business machines corporation' b'tel b'' b'hewlett packard company' b'tel b'' b'copies of the conference proceedings' b'' b'copies of the conference proceedings may be obtained by contact-' b'ing mary johnson at:' b'' b'johnson, mary' b'design and manufacturing institute' b'rensselaer polytechnic institute' b'110 eighth street' b'building cii, room b'troy, ny b'tel: b'fax: b'' b'' b'the cost is per binder.' b'' 