b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'call for papers' b'===============' b'' b'' b'progress in neural networks' b'special volume on shape analysis' b'' b'' b'omid m. omidvar minsoo suk' b'series editor volume editor' b'' b'' b'' b'significant progress has been made recently in shape analysis using' b'neural networks and the energy minimization concept. ablex publishing' b'corporation is planning a special volume on "shape analysis", scheduled' b'for this year.' b'' b'this volume will be a part of "progress in neural networks," an annual' b'book series reviewing research in modelling, analysis, design and' b'application of neural networks. the primary aim of this volume is to' b'present, in a single volume, the most important achievements made on' b'this important topic, which are otherwise scattered in diverse literature.' b'' b'authors are invited to submit original manuscripts detailing recent' b'progress. suggested topics include, but are not limited to: shape modelling,' b'shape estimation, shape recovery, shape representation, shape matching,' b'surface reconstruction and surface decomposition. research work utilizing' b'neural networks directly or based on energy minimization techniques such as' b'markov random field, mean field annealing, simulated annealing, graduated' b'non-convexity algorithms and resistive networks are most welcome.' b'' b'the paper should be tutorial in nature, self contained and preferably,' b'but not necessarily, about fifty double spaced pages in length. please send' b'electronically (if you prefer, you can send a hardcopy to the address below)' b'an abstract and an outline to' b'by may the full paper must be submitted by july to:' b'' b'' b'' b'europe usa' b'' b'professor minsoo suk professor omid m. omidvar' b'department images computer science department' b'ecole nationale superieure university of district of columbia' b'des telecommunications connecticut ave. n.w.' b'46, rue barrault washington d.c. b'75634 paris cedex phone: b'france fax: b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' 