b'' b'' b'more people have been asking for information on the kubota graphics' b'workstations, so here is some more info on the kenai/denali vs. the' b'e&s freedom.' b'' b'' b'here is the text of a denali vs. e&s freedom done by d.h. brown associates.' b'' b'------' b'' b'denali bears a strong resemblance to evans and sutherlands freedom graphics' b'subsystem in several aspects of its high-level design. both products use' b'a parallel array of processors for geometric computations. both' b'have a pixel router to connect this front end to a second array of' b'pixel processors. as a result, denali and freedome overlap significantly' b'in performance and functionality. both design teams also appear to have' b'similar philosophies with respect to modularity, scalability, and market' b'penetration.' b'' b'there remain, however, several important differences between the kpc and' b'e&s products. evans and sutherland designed freedom as a high-end' b"developer's dream system with plenty of performance potential and" b'flexibility. in its favor, freedom has configurations from two to' b'sixteen floating point units, a border range that starts and ends at' b'a higher price and performance levels than denali. all freedom' b'systems include a large, fixed number of pixel processors that' b'support a broader variety of color blending functions. the freedom' b'design treats its entire image memory as general-purpose memory, allowing' b'developers to allocate it on a flexible basis to a number of special-purpose' b'applications. finally, e&s provided freedom with very flexible otput and' b'video integration features for multimedia and simulation applications. note' b'that kpc is working an auxiliary board for ntsc and pal output that will not' b'require an external video encoder. e&s programmable output features,' b'however, will remain much more flexible.' b'' b"the kpc design team, in contrast, made denali more of an end-user's system." b'entry version have better performance range and flexibility than low-end' b'freedom configurations, and come in at more realistic mainstream price' b'points. denali does not need as many modules as freedome because' b'it uses a deeper scan-conversion pipeline to support each one, resulting' b'in better cost/performance characteristics. although both products provide' b'strong support for 3d, imaging, and volume rendering, kpc recognized that' b"not all users will want an even mix of these capabilities. denali's" b'configuration flexibility allows customers in effect to purchase' b'geometric and pixel processing capabilities separately, and to upgrade' b'them separately as needed.' b'' b'both companies have implemented hardware texture mapping at' b"workstation price levels as a way to attack sgi's more expensive" b'vgxt and realityengine systems the only other products to provide' b'this capability. kpc supports point sampling and bilinear interpolation' b'of textures in hardware, but provides only software support for the higher' b'qualtiy tri-linear interpolated mipmapping method. on balance, however, denali' b'provideds bettern overall texturing capabilities than e&s for most applications.' b'aside from being much more affordable, kpc solutions deliver more parallelism' b'for texture processing and more off-screen memory for general graphics' b'data storage. by implementing texture mapping on its transformation' b'modules, e&s foces customers to move very quickly to higher price levels' b'to obtain better texturing performance. kubota avoids this problem by linking' b'texturing to its frame buffer modules, providing a lower-cost, more scalable' b'solution.' b'' b'hope this helps,' b'' b'brian' b'' b'ps this was reprinted without permission. for the full text, please contact' b'kubota b'' b'' 