b'' b'please help.' b'' b'i have an ibm-compatible notebook computer with an lcd vga screen. while i' b'was working with it this morning, the screen started to flicker a little,' b'which i thought was odd since i do use a surge-protector for my computer and' b'all peripherals. it only did this for a second and then stopped.' b'' b'i left the room for several minutes and, when i returned, the screen was' b'completely dim, not blank, but very very dim. the contrast slider still' b'worked so that i could adjust it to where i could *faintly* make out what' b'was on the screen but the brightness slider had absolutely *no* effect.' b'' b'i was plugged-in at the time (i.e., not using the battery) but i still' b'tried switching the battery, changing the power-saver features, etc., etc.,' b'all to no avail.' b'' b'has anyone else experienced anything like this? if this just means that i' b"need to replace the screen then i guess i'll have to but i thought that the" b'"death" of my lcd screen would be a little less dramatic when it eventually' b"happened. i didn't want to take it in to be repaired before i asked on the" b'net about this because i already know what they\'ll say: "yep, you gotta have' b'this replaced and it\'s gonna cost you b'' b"i've only had the computer for about months. is that a reasonable life" b'cycle for a lcd display? oh, i guess i ought to give specifics here: the' b'i forget the model number exactly and i was too ticked off to write it down' b'before coming in to work today.' b'' b"if anyone can help me, please give me any advice you might have. i'm not" b"opposed to having it replaced, but i'd rather not if it's not absolutely" b"but if you'd rather post i'll be checking back here in a couple of days." b'' b'btw, if the answer to this question is already in a faq somewhere, feel' b'free to flame away but i would ask that you also include the location and' b"name of the faq if you don't mind." b'' b'thanks in advance for any help...' b'' b'-mike mattone' b'' 