b'' b'' b'' b'' b'juhana) writes:' b'' b'i wrote something about making color modifications quickly' b'with 8bit quantized images and only at the saving the image to file' b'process we have to make the modifications to the 24bit image.' b'this makes sense, because the main use of xv is only viewing images.' b'' b'doing many changes to image, we should keep all modifications' b'in a buffer; and then before making the operations to 24bit image,' b'we should simplify the operation list for unnecessary operations.' b'' b'think about what you are saying here. the bit image is quantised down to b"bits so many 'similar' colours are mapped onto a single palette colour. this" b'colour gets modified in fairly arbitrary ways. you then want to apply these' b'modifications back to the bit file, so you have to find which' b'colours mapped to this one palette colour.' b'' b"i suppose you don't know what about we have discussed." b'we discussed about error(s) in xv which shows images only as 8bit,' b'and my suggestion above works perfectly with it.' b'' b'look be consistent. first you post something that seems to suggest that you see' b'xv being an bit program as some sort of error.' b'so i post and asy it is not a bug, it is meant to be like that.' b'so you post and say it is not a bug, you never said it was, i have misunderstood' b'etc.' b'now you are saying:' b'' b'we discussed about error(s) in xv which shows images only as 8bit,' b'' b'if you would make up your mind what you are claiming it would make the' b'discussion a *lot* easier.' b'' b'----------------' b'' b'so far i have seen a colormap editing window in xv that is, there' b'must be a colormap anyway. the problems you present are exist anyway,' b"and i didn't tried to solve them at all, because i would not make such" b'problems to my programs in the first place.' b'' b"eh? sorry, i don't understand what you are saying here. i am aware that english is" b'not your native language and have tried hard to fathom your meaning, but this' b'paragraph defeats me.' b'' b'gamma and color corrections are easily done to 24bit image' b"as i presented. there's no need make tricks from 8bit/quantized image" b'back to bit image.' b'' b'yes *as i originally said*, global changes are easily possible.' b'' b'but this statement contradicts what you said earlier:' b'' b'i wrote something about making color modifications quickly' b'with 8bit quantized images and only at the saving the image to file' b'process we have to make the modifications to the 24bit image.' b'' b'---------------' b'' b'how would you suggest doing colour editing on a bit file? how' b"would you group 'related' colours to edit them together? only global" b'changes could be done unless the software were very different and' b'much more complicated.' b'' b"ok, you're writing about situation that user want edit images as 24bit" b'and user want edit individual colors your questions, by the way,' b'jumps off the discussion a bit.' b'' b"no i don't think so actually." b'' b'you were talking about loading a bit image into xv (by quantising),' b'manipulating the colours in the colour editor, then somewhow applying these' b'changes to the bit file when you exit xv. xv lets you edit individual' b'colours. where is this sudden jumping off the topic?' b'' b"my solution doesn't work, because there's no colormap withing real 24bit" b'image' b'' b'yes i am aware there is no colourmap in a bit file!!' b'' b'-- you see, user see 24bit image; going back to 8bit is silly.' b'' b'i do not understand what this statement is supposed to mean.' b'' b'about changing individual colors in 8bit/quantized/rasterized image:' b'changing individual colors in colormap is useless in most' b'cases if the image is quantized and rasterized small change may' b'make serious errors to anywhere in the image.' b'' b'???' b'what are you saying' b'???' b'' b"xv allows this feature, but i don't recommend to use it with the" b'mentioned type images.' b'' b'ah! now we see thew problem! first you want to extend xv to allow editing of b'bit previews of bit images. then i point out problems with this. now you are' b'saying there is no problem because you, personally, happen not to use those' b'parts of the program that cause the problem!!' b'' b'' b'moreover, xv is not a paint program; you can only make those global' b'changes.' b'' b'not sure what you are saying here. certainly one can make local changes.' b'' b'in full 24bit xv, changing individual colors sounds like' b'paint program job.' b"if person have 8bit screen, there's need for tricks to get the" b"original 24bit image modified. because user don't see full 24bit" b"image, there's need to make approximations and it is not possible to" b'modify individual colors but individual pixels or pixel groups (if' b'image is rasterized). to select indiavidual color, there could be 7x7' b'cursor window which shows true color image in cursor window area b'selecting individual color is possible from that.' b'' b'yes that is one possible approach. i would find a program that took such an' b'approach clumsy, however.' b'' b"ok, i don't have thought very much 24bit painting programs, never seen" b'such in good view and are not planned to make such. not to mention' b'24bit painting program in 8bit screen...' b'' b"well here we agree you have not thought it through very much. you don't seem" b'to have a consistent point to make and contradict yourself from one post to the' b'next. ok, we all have off days perhaps you should step back and think this one' b'through.' b'' b'yes again. what *is* (was?) wrong with xv?' b'' b'it saved 8bit/quantized/rasterized images as 24bit jpegs; jpeg is not' b'designed for that.' b'' b'as i said in the last post, jpeg is a compression algorithm. it is a way of' b'saving disk space by trading off quality against compression. i fail to see what' b'the problem is. you have not proposed any workable alternatives.' b'' b'also, human expect that 24bit will be saved as 24bit image;' b'' b'speak for yourself. you are the *only* person i have met or spoken to who,' b'having quantised a bit image down to bits, expects this process to somehow' b'reverse when the file is saved; keeping all modificvations that heve been made' b'to the bit image palette.' b'' b'perhaps that is why you yused the singular?' b'' b'say,' b'person would like to crop part of the image and save it, then it is' b'expected that the image still is the same.' b'' b'look, next time you import a bit image into xv look carefully at the main' b'control panel it tells you how many colours have been allocated to the bit' b'image. xv makes it abundantly clear that you are not editing the original bit' b'file. you are the *only* person who claims this is confusing.' b'' b'so, xv were designed' b'without thinking about human interface and how human expect the' b'program work design error.' b'' b'is a design error the same as a bug? b'' b'read my lips. xv is a program for viewing and modifying bit images. it lets' b'you import other images. it shows, i would say, a good deal of thought about the' b'human interface. and everyone else seems to use it happily for the purpose it' b'was designed for. it makes no false claims.' b'' b'i have heard xv were designed first for 8bit images/files, but' b'it were not good idea to take full 24bit images without making' b'major change to the original design.' b'' b'if you would come up with a solid, logical, well argued and lucid description of' b'precisely how these proposed extensions would work, feel free to post them. so' b'far, you have not done so.' b'' b'so, even all screen images are 8bit, the processed images and saved' b'images could have been 24bit very easily, instead of 8bit.' b'' b"argh!! after all this, a comment like that. `very easily'. ok, go ahead and code it" b'if it is so easy.' b'' b"or alternatively, look up the terms `import' and 'non-reversible transformation'." b'' b'before anybody will make a note: yes, i may as well make a lift where' b"'up' means that the lift goes down and 'down' means that the lift goes" b'up, and put a note on this design solution to the manuals however,' b"even the manuals tells the correct situation, it doesn't solve the problem." b'(americans: the lift is just an example b'' b'i think this is a bit of an exageration.' b'' b'what you are actually saying is, you got into a lift (elevator, if you are in' b'the states and mistakenly pressed the down button to go up. everyone else' b'had no problem. now you are trying to sue the manufacturer...' b'' b'well, my text may be a bit hard reading,' b'' b'you bet' b'' b'hopefully you suggeeded to' b'read it.' b'' b'mostly. leaving aside the language issue however, it betrays some very wooly' b'thinking (as you yourself admit) which is the same in any language. go think' b'some more.' b'' b'--' b'chris lilley' b'----------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'technical author, itti computer graphics and visualisation training project' b'computer graphics unit, manchester computing centre, oxford road,' b'------------------------------------------------------------------------------' 