b'' b'this is an invitation to send articles to the informatica magazine.' b'the first fully international issue has been published and echoes' b'' b'dear colleague, april b'' b'number of volume of informatica is now out of print and some of you' b'will receive it in a week or so. as you will see, the journal is structured' b'in the following way: the editorial (first page); profiles (second page' b'-- biography of an editor, in this issue, terry winograd); the edited' b'part of papers (pp. mission and research reports (a plan for' b'knowledge archives project in japan and csli in stanford, pp. b'and news and announcements (pp. this structure is mentioned to' b'give you a suggestion how could you help to make the contents of the' b'journal significant, diverse, and interesting, bringing your own views' b'into the discourse.' b'a great emphasis is given to the so-called editorial page. this page' b'expresses an opinion (belief) of the writing editor to some problems' b'within the scope of computing and informatics, extending into other' b'concerning disciplines, e.g. cybernetics, advanced ai, cognitive sciences,' b'mind, informationally concerned neural sciences, advanced technology' b'(e.g. photonics), etc. i asked professor terry winograd to write this' b'page for number i certainly would appreciate very much to get' b'suggestions or possible offers from other editors, who like to express' b'their strong (directed) beliefs concerning a future development of the' b'area in question.' b"on the second page of each number an editor's profile is published." b'the aim of the profile is twofold: to show his/her professional' b'achievements, interests, scientific, and philosophical orientation on' b'one side; to narrate his/her life story in the environments in which' b'editors has lived and live on the other side. this kind of story should' b'be instructive, adequately factically faced, contributing to the' b'understanding of circumstances in which editors have to act and live.' b'the edited part (edited papers) is still critical. i would like to have' b'a stock of accepted papers in advance, so the issuing dates of a particular' b'number can be fixed (e.g. january, april, july, and october). in situation' b'right now, i ask you to help me with contributions of yours or your' b'colleagues, collaborators, students, etc. some critical views to the' b'contemporary development of computing and informatics are appreciated.' b'a special emphasis should be given also to originality by which fresh' b'ideas are coming into the circulation of different professional communities.' b'reports of different occasions (symposia, conferences, meetings, etc.)' b'and particularly on new books, papers, and interesting events are welcome.' b'you can send these news immediately (also by your secretary) by e-mail.' b'on the other hand, you can send books and other publications (annual' b'reports, journals, calls for papers, etc.) for reviewing and publishing' b'in informatica. we in the editorial staff will manage the rest.' b'e-mail is functioning satisfactorily, so please use it in every respect.' b'you can submit editorial notes, profiles, reports, news and even complete' b'papers written in standard latex format (especially formulas). we received' b'several final (corrected) texts in number from different sites (us,' b'russia, etc.). in this way, you can compose reports from already typed' b'texts, using your own choice and editing, and submit them to the contact' b'you will receive a prompt confirmation and any information concerning' b'our common interest and job.' b'' b'at the end, please do not forget: we need your cooperation and help in' b'every mentioned respect. the aim of informatica is to open various' b'possibilities of communication concerning strong scientific and' b'philosophical orientations as well as those coming up, still unrevealed,' b'and on the way to become significant. please, do not apprehend to give' b'proposals, suggestions, and, certainly, contributions via the e-mail' b'and by other means.' b'' b'sincerely yours,' b'' b'anton p. "zeleznikar' b'editor-in-chief' 