b'' b': this is getting pretty silly. first off, "hacker" is an obsolete term.' b': doesn\'t matter what it used to mean, today it means "thief."' b': b': it only means "thief" if you want it to mean that. to me, it means' b'' b': [lots of context wickedly omitted by myself b': b': anyway, if i say "joe is a hacker" to most english speaking people who' b": know the word they'll probably think he is either a poor golfer or a" b': bad carpenter. but there are very very few people who will think he is' b': a good and clever programmer. b': b': if you chose to call yourself by a term that means "thief" don\'t be' b": surprised when people think you are a thief. even if you don't agree" b': with that definition of the word.' b': b': the narrower view that a hacker, when' b': associated with the computing environment, is a dishonest' b": expert is not so widespread, i'm my opinion, at least with the" b': people involved with the field. imho the wider meaning is not' b': obsolete at all, no matter how much the lay press would like it to' b': be! b'' b': therefore i conclude that if you call yourself a hacker, and somebody' b': perceives you as a thief, then this person belongs to a very very' b': small group that has some computer knowledge, but not enough to know' b': the wider (and original) meaning of the word. b'' b'unfortunately, the general public has a very narrow view of the deep, dark' b'recesses of the art of computing. what little they do see is from the view' b"given to them by the media. from what i have seen from the media, 'hacker'" b'is not a proper way by which to refer to a respected person.' b'' b"i, on the other hand, know what 'hacker' means from those who consider" b'themselves such. following is the definition from "jargon file b'(this is also known as the "hackers dictionary".) the definitions are' b'arranged in order of decreasing frequency of usage:' b'' b':hacker: [originally, someone who makes furniture with an axe] n.' b'1. a person who enjoys exploring the details of programmable' b'systems and how to stretch their capabilities, as opposed to most' b'users, who prefer to learn only the minimum necessary. one who' b'programs enthusiastically (even obsessively) or who enjoys' b'programming rather than just theorizing about programming. a' b'person capable of appreciating {hack value}. a person who is' b'good at programming quickly. an expert at a particular program,' b"or one who frequently does work using it or on it; as in 'a unix" b"hacker'. (definitions through are correlated, and people who" b'fit them congregate.) an expert or enthusiast of any kind. one' b'might be an astronomy hacker, for example. one who enjoys the' b'intellectual challenge of creatively overcoming or circumventing' b'limitations. [deprecated] a malicious meddler who tries to' b"discover sensitive information by poking around. hence 'password" b"hacker', 'network hacker'. see {cracker}." b'' b"the term 'hacker' also tends to connote membership in the global" b'community defined by the net (see {network, the} and' b'{internet address}). it also implies that the person described' b'is seen to subscribe to some version of the hacker ehic (see' b'{hacker ethic, the}).' b'' b'it is better to be described as a hacker by others than to describe' b'oneself that way. hackers consider themselves something of an' b'elite (a meritocracy based on ability), though one to which new' b'members are gladly welcome. there is thus a certain ego' b'satisfaction to be had in identifying yourself as a hacker (but if' b"you claim to be one and are not, you'll quickly be labeled" b'{bogus}). see also {wannabee}.' b'' b':hacker ethic, the: n. the belief that information-sharing' b'is a powerful positive good, and that it is an ethical duty of' b'hackers to share their expertise by writing free software and' b'facilitating access to information and to computing resources' b'wherever possible. the belief that system-cracking for fun' b'and exploration is ethically ok as long as the cracker commits' b'no theft, vandalism, or breach of confidentiality.' b'' b'both of these normative ethical principles are widely, but by no' b'means universally) accepted among hackers. most hackers subscribe' b'to the hacker ethic in sense and many act on it by writing and' b'giving away free software. a few go further and assert that' b'*all* information should be free and *any* proprietary' b'control of it is bad; this is the philosophy behind the {gnu}' b'project.' b'' b'sense is more controversial: some people consider the act of' b'cracking itself to be unethical, like breaking and entering.' b'but this principle at least moderates the behavior of people who' b"see themselves as `benign' crackers (see also {samurai}). on" b'this view, it is one of the highest forms of hackerly courtesy' b'to (a) break into a system, and then (b) explain to the sysop,' b'preferably by email from a {superuser} account, exactly how it' b'was done and how the hole can be plugged acting as an' b'unpaid (an unsolicited) {tiger team}.' b'' b'the most reliable manifestation of either version of the hacker' b'ethic is that almost all hackers are actively willing to share' b'technical tricks, software, and (where possible) computing' b'resources with other hackers. huge cooperative networks such as' b'{usenet}, {fidonet} and internet (see {internet address})' b'can function without central control because of this trait; they' b'both rely on and reinforce a sense of community that may be' b"hackerdom's most valuable intangible asset." b'' b': finally, a true hacker does not name himself/herself one, for this is' b': a title that is bestowed by the befuddled sysadmins and users at large.' b': to me, a sign of a truly great hacker is to be introduced to someone who' b': says "nahh, i just know a thing or two, people always exagerate..." b'' b'note that the above definition does not preclude a hacker from describing' b'limself (meaning: himself/herself) one, but simply says that it is better' b"not to do so. there are many who do not know the meaning of 'hacker'. so," b'in order to defend the true meaning of the word, it is sometimes necessary' b'to borrow on the reputation of a known (respected) hacker around the' b"workplace. (this means that 'hacker' is defined in terms of some well-known" b'and respected person.) sometimes, there may only be one such person.' b'' b": no matter what mr. dumpty says, language doesn't work that way." b': actually it does, you just have to get adequate press coverage... b'' b'language works anyway that we want it to work. the purpose of language is' b'to communicate. to oversimplify: as long as communication is taking place,' b'then language is working.' b'' b'--' b'|================= #include <stddisclaimer.h b'| "amiga: the computer for the creative mind" (tm) commodore weber state b'| "macintosh: the computer for the rest of us"(tm) apple university 