b'' b'' b"since i've been seeing all kinds of complaints regarding gateways" b'lately on here, i thought i post my recent pleasant experiences. my' b'machine (4dx2-66v) this past friday. this was two weeks to the day from' b'when i called the order in.' b'' b'upon unboxing it i found everything to be in perfect order. all the' b'peripherals i ordered were properly installed (jumbo-250 cd-rom). i' b'was very impressed with the quantity and quality of the gateway' b'documentation. all software came with the original disks and manuals.' b'the gateway manual itself is in a nice 3-ring binder. the ati gup came' b'with build59 drivers. all other software i specified (microsoft office)' b'was properly installed. the machine came right up out of the box and' b"has been performing flawlessly. it's been on all weekend and it hardly" b'even reaches room temperature. i think the big roomy tower case has a' b'lot to do with it.' b'' b"it's up and running dos with no problems. i've also read about" b'some people having problems with high speed serial communications.' b'i used the dos interlink program which lets me link to my old' b'computer via a serial port at 115.2k baud. it then "maps" the other' b'machines two hard disks as my disks f g. you can "cd" to these' b"drives and either run programs or copy files. it's almost like a" b'peer-peer lan except you can also *run* programs on the other machine.' b"it's not a two way street. the other machine is the server and this" b'machine is the client. so thats where it seems to differ from the' b'peer to peer stuff. for a bundled dos utility its very impressive.' b'' b'my jumbo-250 took about minutes to back up 117mb of data. i also' b'by-passed any potential gateway monitor problems by taking the b'credit and applying it towards a nec 4fg. i love this monitor!' b'' b"so, i'm glad there is some good news gateway stories and i'm glad it" b'was me. (now if it just keeps working). b'' b'' b'john' b'' b'' b'--' b'john gayman, wa3wbu' b'uucp: uunet!wa3wbu!john' 