b'' b':' b': what are the current products available to upgrade the resolution?' b': which ones support postscript?' b':' b': any experiences with them, either good or bad?' b':' b': is the quality difference really noticable?' b':' b": i'm planning on producing camera ready copy of homes. will the higher" b': resolution be noticed for these?' b':' b'if you are talking about laser jet then i believe it has to be postscript.' b"i don't see any advantage to using pcl when you have a peice of hardware" b'plugged into the lj4 that is doing the work and it can support any language' b"that is suited for the job. besides i don't think pcl is even capable of" b'handling dpi specifications. i only have experience with the laser' b'master winjet which brings the lj4 up to dpi and it uses postscript.' b'it also has a fast print mode which is not postscript, and it is at a lower' b'resolution (600dpi i think), but it is fast!!!! this particular product' b'uses your host processor to process the postscript, so even with a decent' b"pc you know it's going to be slow i.e. slow compared to a high-end workstation" b'processed ps.' b'' b'the quality difference is very noticable and is almost worth the wait (for' b"the ps processing) i'm rather impatient." b'' b'we were using it for b&w camera images (rs-170). the gray scale image was' b'accepted by ms word and handed to the winjet ps printer driver which converts' b'the image into postscript and then hands it off to the winjets postscript' b'processor. the postscript is rendered into ram (lots of it) and when it' b'is done it shoots it directly to the printer. the ps processor can also' b'accept ps files created from other sources including dos applications, but' b'windows has to be running at the time of printing. the ps processor is' b"responsible for the halftoning and i'd say it does a pretty good job. our" b"camera images came out very good in my opinion. (not as good as laser master's" b'demo though).' b'' b"i don't know how many other similar products are out there but i would be" b'surprised if there are several.' b'' b'gordon lang' b'' 