b'' b'recently my cousin got a second internal ide drive (a seagate 210mb,' b"i can look up the model number if it's important) and i've been" b"trying to help him install it. [i've got a vested interest, since" b"my machine's busted and i have to use his until i get mine fixed.]" b'he already has a seagate 85mb ide hd (again, i forget the model number' b'but i can find out.)' b'' b"anyway, i can't seem to get the bloody thing up. i've managed to get" b'one or the other drive up (with the other disconnected), but not both' b'at the same time; whenever i try, the thing hangs during bootup b"never gets past the system test. the ide controller's instruction" b"sheet says it supports two drives; i think i've configured the cmos" b"correctly; the power's plugged in properly; i even learned about the" b"master/slave relationship that two hds are supposed to have (didn't" b'know pcs were into s&m! and i think i configured the jumpers' b'properly (the 85mb one is the master, the new 210mb one is the slave).' b'' b"the only thing i can think of is maybe i'm doing the cabling wrong. i've" b'tried several combinations:' b'' b'controller master slave' b'controller slave master' b'master controller slave' b'' b"none of them worked. unfortunately, i can't think of any others." b'' b'another possibility is that the 85mb one is already partitioned into' b'two seperate drives, c and d, and the cmos asks for "c: drive" and "d:' b'drive" setup info rather than "drive and "drive like most others' b"i've seen. could this be confusing things?" b'' b'so, i need help! the drive came bereft of any docs, except for some' b'info for the cmos setup; the controller has a little piece of paper' b"about the size of an index card; i cannibalized the cable (it's one" b'of those with a connector at each end and the one in the middle, so' b'it looks like a serial connection); now i be lost!' b'' b'many, many thanks in advance! this is practically an emergency (i have' b'two papers to do on this thing for monday!)! help!' b'--' b'-----------------------' b'william barnes\t\tsuranet operations' b"disclaimer: i don't speak for suranet and they don't speak for me." 