b'' b": why don't you start with the spec-sheet of the isa bus first?" b": you can quote scsi specs till you're blue in the face, but if they" b": exceed the isa bus capability, then what's the point?" b'' b'who said isa was necessary? eisa or vlb are the only interfaces worth' b"investing thousands of dollars (e.g. a new pc's worth of money in b'' b"then don't complain (maybe it wasn't you) that scsi was so expensive on" b"pc's because all we've had until a year or two ago was the isa bus." b'(ie no one buys scsi for isa because isa is slow)' b'are you saying that scsi on an isa bus is not an automatic winner when' b'compared to ide?' b'' b"you didn't read to carefully. vlb-ide uses the same connection mechanism" b"as standard ide. if transfer rate is limited by ide, whether it's" b'interfaced to isa, eisa or vlb matters not.' b'' b'i get different transfer rates out of my ide when i change my isa bus speed.' b'' b'on mine, for one thing. scsi blows ide out of the water, hands down. if' b"ide has better throughput, why isn't it used on workstations and file" b'servers?' b'' b"ide is just a variant of the old ibm- mfm at controller. (at least that's" b'how it looks from a software point of view). it was never meant to be' b'an all-encompassing protocal/standard to be implimented across different' b'platforms.' b'' b'is there any argument that' b"ide can (or can't) transfer data from the ide drive at least as fast as the" b'drive is able to provide the data? are scsi versions of ide drives able' b'to deliver higher sustained transfer rates to their scsi interface (because' b'of a higher rpm platter, different arrangement of heads, etc?)?' b'' b': given the original question (scsi used only as a single hard drive' b': controller), is it then necessary to get a scsi drive that will do' b': at least maybe megs/sec for the scsi choice to make any sence?' b': what does a meg megs/sec scsi drive cost?' b'' b"no, that's the nice thing on a multitasking os, scsi can use both drives" b"at once. i've got unix loaded on one of my pcs (along with windogs) and the os can only use one of the two ide drives at one time. it's pretty ugly." b'' b'if data is going from one drive to another, and if scsi has the ability to' b'perform that transfer without the data having to go through the cpu or main' b'memory, then yes, that is the optimal way to do it. as far as i know, ide' b"can't do that. but when the cpu wants data from both drives (data to be stored" b'in main memory) are you saying that scsi can grab data from both drives' b'at the same time *and* store/transfer that data to main memory also at the' b'same time? working off irq and dma channel on an isa (or whatever) bus?' b'' b'i just bought at quantum for my mac at home. i paid for it. i' b"haven't seen ide drives cheaper." b'' b"a friend of mine just got a maxtor meg ide drive for (that's b'million bytes, or mega-bytes). with the basic interface, he gets' b'close to meg/sec transfer on his does your figure include a few' b'hundred for scsi drivers?' b'' b"no, actually, we're talking about scsi being expensive simply because" b'nobody did a common interface for the pc. if they had a common (read:' b'easily implemented) method of adding scsi to a pc (like as in a sun or' b"mac), then you'd find scsi the connection medium of choice." b'' b"so you're saying that scsi would have been the default interface type," b"considering that the vast majority of pc's don't have cd-rom drives or" b"tape backups or etc? that most pc's only have (or had) hard drive and" b'run dos? that scsi hard drives cost a lot more than mfm or rll drives' b'at the time? (and how common were scsi drives under megs to years' b"ago?) there's a lot more than the lack of a common interface card that" b'prevented scsi from becoming the connection medium of choice.' b'' b": i won't argue that the scsi standard makes for a good, well implimented" b': data highway, but i still want to know why it intrinsically better' b": (than ide, on an isa bus) when it comes to multi-tasking os's when" b': managing data from a single scsi hard drive.' b'' b'on a single drive, scsi is more expensive.' b'' b'but on that point, is it faster? this is what all this is about. do you' b'get more performance for the money. for all the people that will only have' b'a single hard drive in their system (regardless of the os) will the scsi' b'choice really give them more performance than ide?' b'' b'but, you bought your pc for' b"expandibility, so, you'd want to add more drives or whatever." b'' b'true, but expandibility can also start on the bus, which means the option' b'is there for cd-rom drives or tape backups that run off their own cards.' b'' b'\t1. you can add many different types of devices and access them' b'\tconcurrently.' b'' b'no argument. this is always held up to the first time scsi buyer as the' b'best reason. but how many scsi devices will the first time scsi buyer' b'eventually acquire? again does it make sense to go scsi for a single' b'hard drive system?' b'' b'\t2. a scsi device works on many different machines (i have a mac' b'\tand a pc at home and moving hard drives between them is very nice' b'\twith scsi hook them up and away they go)' b'' b'with all the postings on the scsi i or ii specs, are you really sure that' b'pc and apple scsi hard drives are compatible? and even if they are,' b'is the data accessible from either machine (ie are there no formatting/' b"partitioning or file table differences?) is it really plug'n'play?" b'' b'\t3. scsi devices work together better than ide devices. for' b'\tinstance, recently, i added an older connor meg ide to a maxtor' b'\t212 meg ide. the connor *must* be setup as the slave. it will' b'\twork no other way. on scsi, you set the address, check the' b'\ttermination, plug it in, and away it goes.' b'' b'so the c: drive on the connor becomes a logical d: drive to dos. is this' b'really a problem?' b'' b"\t4. i have a problem with ide's mutual exclusion i notice that" b'\tthe time it takes to switch from accessing drive c: to drive d: is' b'\tquite long as compared to the time it takes to switch from drive c:' b'\tto d: on a scsi system. under a multitasking os, this is very' b'\tnoticable, as many things can be going on at once.' b'' b'after having two ide drives in my system for temporary file transfers,' b'i have never seen any differences when switching between drives, nor' b'have i ever seen any differences when transfering files between drives or' b'to/from the same drive.' b'' b"one neat thing that i've noticed lately (a fringe benefit) has been the" b'ability to add older (almost dead) drives as storage on a scsi system with' b"little problem we've got a bunch of almost dead meg drives that i've" b"added to my pc. i've now got the interface full, but, it does allow me to" b'have meg drives, meg drive, tape drive, and meg drive' b'all on the same card.' b'' b'that is nice (as long as the power supply can keep up). i do believe that' b'there is the possibility for up to ide drives on a pc.' b'' b'simply put, scsi is handier than ide. no mysterious jumpers to figure out.' b'' b'but what about "mysterious" (and expensive) drivers to figure out? at least' b"ide doesn't require drivers that consume precious conventional (dos) memory." 