b'' b'facts:' b'=====' b'- a netware server 286a was roughly moved to a new location and left powered' b'down for three months.' b'- from memory it has an mb hard drive.' b'- manuals and original disks are for sft netware level ii v2.0a' b'- when powered up, the cmos was wiped. a technician examined it and' b'pronounced the disk drive unusable.' b'' b'my investigations indicate that drive c is a type cylinders, sides).' b'when cmos set this way, compsurf runs happily, with bad blocks.' b'' b'i use prepare to hotfix the one internal drive.' b'' b'install will proceed "successfully", but when i try to boot the server, it' b'reports that the software is not serialised for this hardware.' b'' b'internal examination indicates that the keycard is present, and there is one' b'disk drive (or at least one large single unit).' b'' b'attempts to configure a second drive in cmos result in drive not ready' b'errors.' b'' b'questions:' b'=========' b'the software is netware level ii and i can see burnt on to the screen' b'sft netware level ii v2.0a. however, to configure netware for level ii' b'(mirrored or duplexed disks) requires a second disk, yes?' b'' b'so how is the novell server 286a normally configured?' b'' b'1. can i install sft netware level ii v2.0a as level i, or is this what' b'is causing my serialisation error?' b'2. is the novell server 286a normally equipped with two hard drives, one of' b'which has failed?' b'3. would this mean i can not install the network software because it will not' b'be serialised for this hardware with a failed drive?' b'4. what else can cause a serialisation error?' b'5. what happens if the keycard fails?' b'6. am i doing something wrong? can someone knowledgeable offer some comments' b'and guides.' b'' b'thanks for your time.' b'' b'apology:' b'=======' b"i appreciate that i have posted this request somewhat widely. as i'm" b"dealing with somewhat archaic hardware and software i'm hoping that by casting" b"my net further, i'm more likely to capture someone who has met this system" b'before. i believe i can justify the groups to which i am posting. please' b'feel free to correct me if you feel this is an inappropriate place to post' b'this.' b'' b'' b'--' b"this posting is definitive. bljeghbe'chugh vaj blhegh." b'wayne mcdougall keeper of the list of shows better than star trek(tm) b'ask me about the auckland festival of missions, april, b'i always change my mind when new evidence is available. what method do you use?' b'' 