b'' b':' b': recently my cousin got a second internal ide drive (a seagate 210mb,' b": i can look up the model number if it's important) and i've been" b": trying to help him install it. [i've got a vested interest, since" b": my machine's busted and i have to use his until i get mine fixed.]" b': he already has a seagate 85mb ide hd (again, i forget the model number' b': but i can find out.)' b':' b": anyway, i can't seem to get the bloody thing up. i've managed to get" b': one or the other drive up (with the other disconnected), but not both' b': at the same time; whenever i try, the thing hangs during bootup b": never gets past the system test. the ide controller's instruction" b": sheet says it supports two drives; i think i've configured the cmos" b": correctly; the power's plugged in properly; i even learned about the" b": master/slave relationship that two hds are supposed to have (didn't" b': know pcs were into s&m! and i think i configured the jumpers' b': properly (the 85mb one is the master, the new 210mb one is the slave).' b':' b'[deleted]' b':' b': many, many thanks in advance! this is practically an emergency (i have' b': two papers to do on this thing for monday!)! help!' b': b': b': william barnes suranet operations' b": disclaimer: i don't speak for suranet and they don't speak for me." b": i've been told by our local computer guru that you can't do this unless you" b': perform a low level format on your existing hard drive and set your system' b': up for two hard drives from the beginning. i took him at his word, and i' b": have not tried to find out any more about it, because i'm not going to back" b': everything up just to add another hdd. if anyone knows for sure what the' b': scoop is, i would like to know also. thanks in advance also.' b':' b': bill willis' b':' b'' b'1. do not do a low level format on an ide drive unless you have the' b'executable for doing so supplied by the manufacturer. these are' b"available from bbs's or mail but the mail version costs a nominal" b'fee.' b'' b'2. in addition to the master/slave jumper on an ide drive there is also' b'another jumper to indicate whether a slave is present. get it right!' b'' b'3. the cabling is not an issue as long as pin goes to pin goes to' b'pin no twisting or swapping on an ide cable. be sure of pin b'on all three components do not make assumptions (guesses are ok' b'but assumptions are bad).' b'' b'4. if the cable and jumpers are correct, and the cmos setup is correct,' b'then you may have to do an fdisk followed by a high level format.' b'i have never personally found this necesary, but perhaps there is' b'something gone wrong with the data on the disks? probably not but' b'i understand your predicament you will probably throw salt over' b'your shoulders, wear funny clothes and do a spooky sounding chant' b'while dancing around the room if someone said it might help.' b'' b'good luck' b'' b'gordon lang' 