b'' b'*** on wayne mcdougall had the unmitigated gall to say this:' b'' b'wm the software is netware level ii and i can see burnt on to the' b'wm screen sft netware level ii v2.0a. however, to configure netware' b'wm for level ii (mirrored or duplexed disks) requires a second disk, yes?' b'' b'yes. mirroring requires a controller that is capable of writing to two' b'disks at once. duplexing, which is the preferred way of mirroring, uses' b'two controller cards and two disk drives. duplexing requires a special' b'card and two identical disk drives (in most cases). duplexing can' b'sometimes be pulled off with slightly different drives/controllers, as long' b'as the sizes are the same.' b'' b'wm so how is the novell server 286a normally configured?' b'' b'the configuration is completely up to the user.' b'' b'wm can i install sft netware level ii v2.0a as level i, or is this' b'wm what is causing my serialization error?' b'' b"if you only have one disk, then you can't use level ii sft. however, the" b'osobj disk has a serial number on it, and if this disk is for a different' b'version of netware then you would get a serialization error. make sure' b'that this disk actually belongs to the rest of the set of floppies in the' b'netware installation set.' b'' b'wm is the novell server 286a normally equipped with two hard drives,' b'wm one of which has failed?' b'' b'two drives could be either two netware volumes at sft i, or one volume' b'mirrored using sft ii. impossible to tell with the network being down.' b'' b'wm would this mean i can not install the network software because it' b'wm will not be serialized for this hardware with a failed drive?' b'' b'try disconnecting the failed drive, using a standard disk controller, and' b'installing the software as one volume under sft i. if the software will' b'install, and if the one disk is functional, then it should be able to work' b'in this configuration.' b'' b'wm what else can cause a serialization error?' b'' b'see the comment concerning the serial number on the osobj installation' b'floppy.' b'' b'wm what happens if the keycard fails?' b'' b'what is the keycard attached to?' b'' b'' b'... line noise provided by south central bell!' b'--- blue wave/qwk v2.10' b'' b'----' b'the ozone hole bbs a private bulletin board service b'3 full service nodes usrobotics 16.8k bps gigs files' b'skydive new orleans! rime network mail hub usenet newsgroups' 