b'' b'' b'in case anyone was wondering about upgrading their or class machine' b'without spending a lot of money, i looked into replacing the processor' b'on those machines and here are the facts (as i understand them).' b'' b'if you have a ps/2 model or model you can replace the i386 chip with' b'either a cyrix 486dlc chip for which will increase your processing' b'power by about for normal fuctions, and not at all for math functions.' b'this chip will only run at your original clock speed, ie. if you have a 16mhz' b'machine the cyrix 486dlc will run at 16mhz.' b'note: windows does not use the math functions, so it is a good upgrade if' b'you are running windows.' b'or, you can get a kingston 486/now platform for with a 25mhz i486sx' b'on it which will increase your normal processing power by about if you' b'were running at 25mhz originally. but again it will not increase the speed' b'of your math fuctions. i think that it will continue to run at 25mhz even' b'if your original processor runs at a slower speed.' b'there is also the kingston 486/now platform for with a 33mhz i486dx' b'on it. this might speed up your math functions as well, but i am not sure.' b'' b'if you have a ps/2 model b21 or other ps/2 machine with either an i486sx' b'or a non-clock doubling i486dx (ie. it runs at either or 33mhz) in it,' b'then you can get an intel overdrive chip (which is really an i486dx2 chip) and' b'replace your chip with it. you should get about better preformance for' b'both normal and math functions. the mhz version of the overdrive chip' b'costs and the 33/66mhz version costs the replacement for the' b'25mhz 486sx chip is an espeacially good deal as it provides the math' b'coprocessor which the 486sx does not have. note that the speed ratings on the' b'overdrive chips are the maximum speed at which they can run. if you have a' b'20mhz 486sx, then the overdrive chip will run at 20/40mhz, ie. 20mhz externally' b'and 40mhz internally. there is no reason to buy an overdrive chip which is' b'rated at faster then your machine, you will not get faster performance.' b'' b'you should be able to buy these chips from any of the microchip merchants that' b'advertise at the back of pc magazine or pc week. you might want to shop' b'around as prices do vary. if you need a name/phone number for a source for' b'a particular chip, e-mail me, and i will respond with a couple of sources.' b'' b'lawrence khoo' b'' b'--' 