b'' b'thinking of buying from midwest micro of ohio? think *very* carefully.' b"unless you are absolutely sure you won't have any problems, you may want" b'to trade elsewhere.' b'' b'despite the fact that they answer the phone, "hi! i\'m <whoever and we\'re' b'having a great day!", they weren\'t quite so happy when i wanted to return' b"a modem that didn't work as i expected it to." b'' b'the details:' b'' b'i ordered one of their house brand "infotel" 14.4/df internal fax modems.' b'in reality, it was a twincom lightning fax that had a paper sticker over' b'the name. given the poor reports on the net about this modem, i would not' b'have ordered it, had i known this in advance.' b'' b'it arrived on time. the documentation stated that it would work (and was' b'preconfigured) as com4, providing that com2 was not in use at the same time.' b'' b'for several reasons, i have a serial card configured for com1/com2. at the' b'time i installed the modem, nothing was connected to com2.' b'' b'although the modem appeared to work, during every connection at or' b'14.4, it would randomly break the connection and hang up the phone. after' b"spending some time on the phone with midwest's tech support, they suggested" b'disabling the com2 port.' b'' b'this appeared to solve the disconnect problem, but was an unacceptable long' b'term solution. i had to have com1 and available, even though they both' b'would not be in use at the same time as the modem.' b'' b'i called back minutes prior to their closing and waited in voicemail' b'hell, listening to repeated advertisements for midwest micro products. i' b'was then promptly disconnected. apparently it was quiting time and they' b"didn't want to be bothered with callers that had been waiting on the line." b'' b'i called the next day and asked the customer diservice agent for an rma' b'number. she promptly switched me to a "tech support" rep that implied that' b"it was my equipment at fault and that he wasn't going to give me an rma" b'number. he suggested i use some nonstandard irq settings, a solution i' b'was not happy with. the modem should work as originally configured.' b'' b'conclusion:' b'' b"i'm not sure the modem would work ok in a basic system, but it clearly does" b'not work in a multi port system like mine. since my time is worth more' b'than the aggravation or the cost of the modem, i gave it to a local' b'charitable organization (with a description of my problem) and ordered' b'a practical peripherals 14.4mt from pc connection.' b'' b'for more, i have a solid external modem built by a company i know' b'will support their users and sold by a company (based on personal' b'experience) will treat me right if there is a problem. i should have' b'known better...' b'' 