b'' b'for sale:' b'' b'at&t dataport internal 14.4k fax/modem' b'' b'the modem is an internal at/(e)isa 8-bit card (just a little longer' b'than a half-card). it has v.32bis for 14.4kbps data bps fax,' b'v.42, v.42bis, and mnp5 for error-correction and data compression, so' b'you can get error-free links up to bps on a conventional phone' b'line. they will "fall back" to any speed (down to 1200bps) and even' b'disable compression and error-correction if necessary in order to' b'connect with slower and older modems.' b'' b'it has a buffered uart for better compatibility with' b'multi-tasking operating systems (windows, os/2, unix, etc).' b'' b'they use a patented technology called optical line interface (oli)' b'which reduces noise generated by the modem to assure the fastest and' b'cleanest connection possible.' b'' b'these modems come with a lifetime warranty and free lifetime tech' b'support (and the call is free, too) from at&t.' b'' b'they also include the lovely and talented quicklink ii for dos and the' b'new quicklink ii for windows communications and fax software which' b'will let you conveniently sent faxes from any dos or windows' b'application just by printing. the windows version will send faxes of' b'any font and can include graphics, etc. the dos version can fax' b'graphics and a limited set of fonts (i believe that there are or so,' b'as well as any hp laser ii resident fonts).' b'' b"i'm asking for this modem (plus utah tax). this is at or" b'below the prices of any other (reputable) manufacturer of an' b'equivalent modem (including zoom, us robotics, etc). and, it is' b'backed by a company that will never go away.' b'' b'this price will include delivery if you live within miles of' b'downtown slc. i can also arrange shipping, or you can stop by my home' b"to pick it up. (if you're concerned about installing an internal" b'modem, let me know and we can discuss an arrangement for including' b'installation.)' b'' b"if you're interested, please let me know. this is an excellent modem" b'at an excellent price (they normally list for and retail for' b'about i installed one of these last week and it is very nice.' b'' b'if you have questions about this, at&t has an info number at' b'(800) or you can email me and i will attemp to answer them.' b'' b'the modem will go to the highest bidder i get within the next week.' b'' b'thanks.' b'pete' b'' 