b'' b'' b'i believe that any vl/eisa/isa motherboard that uses the hint chipset' b"is limited to 24-bit eisa dma (where 'real' eisa dma is 32-bit). the" b'hint eisa dma has the mb ram addressing limitation of isa. for this' b'reason i would pass. i own one of these (hawk vl/eisa/isa) and am look-' b'ing to replace it for exactly this reason.' b'please double-check me on this. in other words, call the motherboard' b'manufacturer and ask them if the motherboard supports true 32-bit eisa' b'dma.' b'other than this limitation, the motherboard works quite well (i am using' b'mine with dos windows and unix s5r3.2). also with adaptec 1742a' b'eisa scsi host adapter.' b'' b'' b'you are correct! the motherboard manufacturer where i usually buy boards says' b'that they will have this problem fixed in about two weeks...' b'| brian j schaufenbuel' b'' b"i don't see this as a problem with the chip-set (a mistake), i see this" b'as something that was designed-in intentionally.' b'' b'so it would seem that to enhance the design (from to 32-bit eisa dma)' b'would require an update to the chipset. an update to the chipset may' b'begat an update to the motherboard board design.' b'' b"what i'm saing is: the motherboard manufacturer seems to be passing this" b'off as a simple fix. in my mind the fix is a updated chipset from hint' b'along with a possible motherboard layout update. this is not simple.' b'if i were you i would be cautious about this.' b'' b'you might look into the advanced integration research (air) vl/eisa' b'motherboard. all slots are eisa/isa capable. (or of the slots are' b"vl-bus capable. the air people confirmed this board supports 'real'" b'32-bit eisa dma (i called them). pentium/p5 capable. less expensive' b'than equivalent ami or micronics vl/eisa board.' b'' b"look in computer shopper (april the zenon ads show the air mother-" b"board. a associate bought the air board and is pleased with it. i'm" b'attempting to get the local dealer to trade out the hawk board for the' b'air board.' b'' b'model number of air board (with 486-33dx) is b433ei2. you can call' b"motherboard warehouse (for example) for a price. phone #'s included" b'below.' b'' b'air b'motherboard warehouse b'' b'--' b'network management technology incorporated' b'sugar land, texas 