b'' b'' b'<clip clip' b'' b'interesting. would you care to explain to me then, how my soundblaster' b'pro card and my printer card are sharing irq successfully? i assure' b'you that they are both set to irq and that i have no problem. my' b'computer is a dtk ibm clone.' b'' b'running ms-dos or a derivative os, obviously. please take note that the' b'following is not what exactly happens, but a slightly simplified' b'explanation.' b'' b'technically, the irq line is only a means for the device (printer' b'adapter, soundblaster, modem, hard disk, to signal the cpu that' b'"something\'s happening here, please take note." how the cpu is' b'programmed to handle this signal is usually up to the operating system.' b'in ms-dos, the "interrupt vector" is used to store the address of the' b'function that handles each interrupt.' b'' b"now, basic dos doesn't care whether the printer reports that it's ready" b'to print some more stuff or not it simply ignores the interrupt. when' b"dos prints, it looks at the lpt buffer. if there's a character there," b"wait a while and check again. if there's not, copy a new character to" b"the lpt port. since the irq is ignored as a printer interrupt, it's" b'free for use for any other adapters in this case, the sb.' b'' b'with any multitasking or otherwise advanced os, this kind of printing' b"approach just doesn't work (or more precisely, it wastes a lot of cpu" b'cycles.) hence, you can\'t "share" the irq with lpt1 and sb if you\'re' b'running unix or os/2 or whatnot.' b'' b'another issue with the sb is that only the digitized sound uses' b'interrupts. when the sb plays plain music, the cpu simply tells it what' b'to play until told otherwise. with digitized sound the interrupt is' b'required to notify the cpu when the output ends and new data is' b'needed.' b'' b'you can, however, hook two (or more) com ports to one interrupt, but use' b'them only one at a time. this is because the interrupt handling routine' b'is same for both ports, and it can see from which port the data came' b'from. this, of course, applies for some other devices (like lpt) as well.' b'' b'remember, this was greatly simplified in parts, but i think gives the' b'general picture correctly enough.' b'' b'cheers,' b'' b'--' b'university of helsinki, dept. of lost souls' b'"trust me, i know what i\'m doing." sledge hammer' 