b'' b'' b'just got a 66mhz 486dx2 system, and am considering getting a fan for the' b'cpu. the processor when running is too hot to touch so i think this is a' b'fairly good idea. (long ago when i did some electronics training i read' b'somewhere that the regions within a chip that define junctions/gates etc' b'slowly diffuse over time and this increases with temperature, hence a hot' b'chip goes off-spec sooner)' b'' b'has anyone out there got a cpu fan??' b'' b'yes' b'' b'is there more than type?' b'' b'yes, seen glue-on, tape-on, clip-on, one-inch square and larger.' b'my favorite is the inch plastic u.s.toyo fan i use just plopped' b'down on top of the chip during open-case service.' b'' b'do you have to remove the cpu from its scoket to install the fan?' b'' b'depends on the mounting' b'' b'do all cpu fans derive their power from spare drive power lines?' b'' b'only if the manufacturer was smart' b'' b'anyone had any trouble with cpu fans?' b'' b'only if it goes out got that "blanket" effect which doesn\'t help chip life' b'' b'does anyone have any evidence that cpu fans are a complete waste of money?' b'' b'longer system life makes good economic sense to me' b'' b'how are these fans attached? (glue? clips? melted cheese?)' b'' b'yes well, not the melted cheese' b'' b'roughly how much cooler will the cpu be with a fan as opposed to without?' b'' b'lets you touch the surface the "rule of thumb" for cooling solid-state' b'' b" (an advert i've read claims 85f vs 185f)" b'' b'any info appreciated,' b'' b'the "attached" fans look slick and work well but i\'m bothered by the potential' b'loss of cooling if the fan goes out. at least with the power supply fan you' b'can reach back there every few days and feel the fan blowing.' b'' b'i prefer to put a stock fan off the drive brackets or front panel' b'to blow air across the cpu depends a lot on case and board layout, though.' b'' b"on-chip fans from fry's electronics in the sf bay area are about i" b'get the stock power supply fans for about b'' b'-steve' 