b'' b'klossner) wrote:' b'' b' b'' b' \t"these lpt1, com1, disk controller are call devices. there are' b' \tdevices that requires exclusive interrupt ownership, eg. disk' b' \tcontroller (i6) and keyboard (i1). there are also devices that' b' \tdoes not require exclusive ownership, ie. it will share an' b' \tinterrupt with another device, eg. lpt1"' b'' b' no. in a standard isa bus, the one that almost all non-laptop pcs use,' b' two separate interface cards cannot share an interrupt. this is due to' b' a screwup in the bus design. for example, if your soundblaster wants' b' to drive interrupt number then it must hold a certain bus wire to b' or at all times, depending on whether or not it wants an interrupt.' b' this precludes letting another card assert interrupt number b'' b" when two or more devices in an isa bus pc share an interrupt, it's" b" because they're implemented by a single card." b'' b'interesting. would you care to explain to me then, how my soundblaster' b'pro card and my printer card are sharing irq successfully? i assure' b'you that they are both set to irq and that i have no problem. my' b'computer is a dtk ibm clone.' b'' b'simple. first, andrew is correct, although i can see where there might be' b'some confusion. it is indeed possible to have two cards *configured* to use' b'the same interrupt. they can not *share* the interrupt in the sense that it' b'is not possible to have both cards active at the same time.' b'' b'here is an example. for some time, i was short of "free interrupts." i had a' b'tape controller (not a "floppy tape") that needed one of irq0-irq7. (it\'s an' b'*old* tape drive.) my solution was to use irq3 (also used for com2, where my' b'modem is). i did this because i reasoned i would never be using the modem and' b'the tape simultaneously. when kermit runs, it installs its own interrupt' b'handler for irq3 and uses the serial port. if the tape drive were to generate' b'an interrupt, kermit would not have a clue what to do with/for the tape' b'controller. (and since the tape controller would not be serviced, it would' b'most likely "hang.") likewise, when the tape backup software runs, it' b"installs an interrupt handler for irq3. that handler won't do anything for" b'the serial port.' b'' b'under dos, printing is not interrupt-driven. instead, the bios polls the' b'status of the parallel port to determine when another byte may be sent.' b"that's why you can have your sound card and lpt1 both configured to use irq7." b"try that on nt and see how far you'll get. b'--' b'kenneth r. ballou\t\t\t\tvoice:\t\t b'oberon software, inc.\t\t\t\tfax:\t\t b'' b'the views and opinions expressed above are my own and do not necessarily' b'reflect those of my employer.' 