b'' b'' b'' b'but i think the reason is lemieux' b'had a point season and was the first non-gretzky to win the hart and' b'ross since people turned out to watch him play.' b'' b'i will grant that a star like mario will draw fans, even if the team sucks.' b'but this is short term only; i still do not think the attendance increase' b'will last, unless the team is a winning/competitive/improving/butt-kicking' b'one. pittsburgh was still getting better, so people continued to support' b"them. if they suddenly dropped to, say, points, you'd have knee surgery" b'for some of the people jumping off the bandwagon.' b'' b'i disagree. mcnall has demonstrated with gretzky that a star brings out the' b'crowds whether or not the team is expected to do well. very few fans real-' b'istically expect the kings to do well this year (although i do) and yet they' b'still go out to see gretzky. this is the marketing strategy selling the' b'game by selling the stars that is employed by baseball and, notably, the' b'nba and this is the attitude that the new bettman/mcnall leadership is' b'bringing to the league. they have gone on record as stating that they are' b'trying to sell the game on its stars. timo salami and brett hull are perfect' b"examples of players that real fans know aren't worth a damn and yet, being" b'benificiaries of marketing-oriented coaching strategies, have goal totals' b'that would indicate to the casual observer, the very fans the nhl wants to' b'attract, that these players are indeed superstars.' b'' b'they made the transaction to try and build a winner around mario, that is' b'true. but the improvement in attendance came before they started doing' b'this (coffey late in and before they even had a playoff bound team.' b'a doubling of attendance occured in from the previous year. an' b'increase from points to points is not going to do that. the arrival' b'of mario lemieux is what did it.' b'' b"it might help to think about what would go through a fan's mind who suddenly" b'found an interest in mario and the pens. was it "gee, mario lemieux is' b'amazing, i\'ll go watch him play", or was it "gee, now we\'ve got a *kick*' b'*ass* guy on *our* side, i\'ll go watch him play". i think it was the latter.' b'' b"it ain't nearly so simple as this. the casual fan doesn't think about much" b'at all. can you actually find an adult with a digit iq who believes that' b'mcdonalds makes good hamburgers?' b'' b'i did provide the example of rocket ismail and the toronto argonauts of the' b"cfl...did you leave it out because you don't know much about the cfl? if" b"that's the case then fair enough, but if it isn't the case then i'm curious" b'to hear your explanation.' b'' b'yes but apparently the rocket has not lived up to his marketing responsi-' b'bilities has he? he was hyped, initially, as a superstar, but outside of' b'one grey cup game he has done very little to maintain/enhance that assess-' b'ment of his talents. most argo fans probably feel the team would be better' b'off without him.' b'' b'cordially, as always,' b'' b'rm' b'' b'--' b'roger maynard' 