b'' b'' b'implicitly you are assuming that goals scored against winnipeg with selanne' b'on the ice can be blamed on him...roger, he is a forward. winnipeg has a' b"lousy defensive record anyway. let's put it another way. john cullen's b"is terrible. what's your excuse for him? that his powerplay points don't" b"count? neither do selanne's..." b'' b'are you comparing cullen to salami? i would say that that is valid. if' b'winnipeg is such a lousy defensive team then why the hell does salami' b"stand around the other team's blueline when the puck is in his own end?" b'' b'the object of the game is not to feed selanne it is' b'to win. and feeding selanne does not contribute in any meaningful way' b'to winning.' b'' b'knowledgeable hockey observers the world over would agree that' b'feeding selanne so he can score does contribute in a meaningful way to' b'winning.' b'' b'excuse me? are the jets playing hockey? let me check...yes but just' b'barely. they have allowed more goals than they have scored. sounds an' b"awful lot like salami's to me. sounds like they would be just as well" b'off or better if he played the solid two-way game that our friends in' b"finland claim he is capable of. but if he did that he wouldn't be chal-" b'lenging for the league lead in goals would he? the bi-planes might be' b'challenging for first however...' b'' b"you're worried about teemu when you have glenn anderson on your team?" b'' b"now let's see...you have compared timo to anderson and cullen. who's" b'next? mike foligno?' b'' b"we don't know what selanne does best. we do know what jet's management" b'wants. and again, the object of the exercise is not to allow selanne to' b'do what he does best, it is to win hockey games.' b'' b'what he does best is score...so i refer you to my comment above.' b'' b'some of our finnish friends who have watched him play claim that he' b'can play a solid two-way game. i would have to say that this style' b"of contribution would be more conducive to winning. or don't you" b'think so?' b'' b'as it is now, selanne' b'is a grandstanding goal suck. did you see the way he parades around' b'with his arms outstretched after scoring a goal? you would think the' b'messiah had returned...' b'' b"nope, didn't see it. i was too busy watching foligno jump up and down after" b'_his_ goal....' b'' b"i don't believe it! you did compare him to foligno! (and i honestly hadn't" b'read this far).' b'' b'it would help if you used a little discrimination in your thinking. your' b"contributions would be more highly valued if we could see that you weren't" b'trying to be merely argumentative.' b'' b'cordially, as always,' b'' b'rm' b'' b'--' b'roger maynard' 