b'' b'' b'' b'the flyers team that can beat any team on any night showed up at the spectrum' b'sunday night, and dominated the maple leafs thoroughly en route to a b'shutout. tommy soderstrom will get credit for the shutout, but he barely broke' b'a sweat until the third period as the flyers defense kept the leafs from' b'mounting any serious attack.' b'' b'injuries:' b'' b'pelle eklund is day-to-day with a bruised thigh.' b'' b'roster moves:' b'' b'jason bowen was added to the lineup for his first nhl game. jason was the flyers' b'second pick in the first round (15th overall) of the entry draft. years' b'old, lbs. in games with the tri-city americans he had goals,' b'12 assists and pim. he plays left wing and defense, he played defense in' b'this game although bobby taylor said that bill dineen was planning to use him' b'up front as well.' b'' b'andre faust was returned to hershey. he actually left after the second period' b'of the kings game, flew to albany, got the game tying goal in a bears ot win,' b'and played again for hershey sunday night.' b'' b'lines:' b'' b'fedyk-lindros-recchi' b"beranek-brind'amour-dineen" b'lomakin-butsayev-conroy' b'acton-brown' b'' b'galley-mcgill' b'yushkevich-cronin' b'carkner-hawgood' b'bowen' b'' b'tommy soderstrom in goal.' b'' b'acton replaced lomakin in the 3rd period.' b'' b'game summary:' b'' b"if the flyers played like this every night, they'd be in the playoffs this" b'year. the flyers hit everything that moved. they created scoring chance after' b'scoring chance. they snuffed out everything that the leafs tried to do.' b'' b'jason bowen made a good play on his first nhl shift that almost created a goal.' b'he had the puck in the top of the left offensive circle all alone, but instead' b"of taking the shot he found brind'amour crashing the net on the other side." b"a perfect pass and a good shot across daren puppa's body should have been a" b'goal, but puppa made a great save reading the play.' b'' b'garry galley gave the maple leafs 7th ranked power play the first chance when' b'he hooked doug gilmour at the flyers lowly 21st ranked penalty killing' b'unit was almost flawless the entire game, and set the tone on this kill. the' b'maple leafs got almost nothing but long unscreened shots, and the defense swept' b'away every rebound.' b'' b"after the power play, the flyers got a goal on an ugly play. rod brind'amour" b'gave the puck to greg hawgood at the right point, and he sent a drive at the' b'net. puppa made the save and kicked the rebound right into the feet of josef' b'beranek and bob rouse, who were wrestling in the slot. beranek was able to' b'get his stick on the puck and push it out to dineen who was skating into' b'the slot from the right circle, and he lifted a backhander over puppa for' b'a flyers lead at b'' b'the flyers kept the pressure on, and puppa was the only leaf keeping the flyers' b'from building on their lead for a while. eventually things settled down and' b'defense prevailed. each team got an occasional scoring chance, but the goalies' b'were strong. bowen started giving some lindros-like checks in his own corners.' b'then lindros, who was looking to avenge a hit foligno gave him, thought he had' b'a chance to even the score. he had foligno lined up at center ice, leaned into' b'him, and rode him into the center ice boards. the only problem was that foligno' b'was a little far from the boards, and mike "mister" mcgeough felt that it' b'warranted a boarding call at b'' b"the leafs couldn't get anything going on the power play as the flyers were" b'very aggressive (for a change) on the kill.' b'' b'with time running out in the period, recchi carried through the neutral zone' b"and handed to lindros as they approached the leaf's blue line. they were in" b'a crowd with wendell clark and jamie macoun, lindros tried a backhand pass' b'to recchi through the feet of macoun that connected to recchi, but then clark' b'checked recchi off the puck. macoun then tried to clear, but it was weak and' b'went right to mcgill who had manned the point. he drove it from just inside' b'the blue line. macoun got his stick on it and deflected it past his own' b'goalie at shots were flyers in the period.' b'' b'the flyers finally got their first chance on the power play when dave andreychuk' b"tripped up rod brind'amour in his offensive zone. during the power play, the" b'flyers got cheated a little when the puck popped up into the air and eric' b'gloved it down, but mcgeough thought it hit his stick above his head. we' b'could see from our seats at the other end of the ice that it only hit his glove' b'and the replay confirmed, but the faceoff went to the other end. as time was' b'running out in the advantage, lindros found galley with a pass across the goal' b'mouth but puppa made the save. the rebound kicked back to the right corner where' b'recchi picked it up, passed it out to eric crashing through the right circle,' b'and eric one-timed past puppa at with the assist, recchi moves past' b"bobby clarke's season, the second best one season total for a flyer at" b'117. eric moves up to 4th all time in flyers rookie scoring with points.' b'' b'mike eastwood took down al conroy at to give the flyers another chance on' b'the power play. not much pressure before garry galley ended the power play with' b'a slash at not much happened on the on although the leafs had most' b'of the possession. the flyers smothered the leafs short power play. tempers' b'flared a little at bowen and pearson got roughing minors, keith acton' b'got a bloody face. dave mcllwain then took a dive and got greg hawgood a' b"hooking minor at to set up a on the replay showed that hawgood's" b'stick stopped making contact with mcllwain long before he spun around and fell.' b'again the flyers smothered the leafs power play, led by dimitri yushkevich.' b'bowen made a thundering hit when he came out of the box on pearson. berehowski' b'tried to perplex everybody with his sloooowball. he had the puck at the point,' b'and just trickled a pass down the slot. he made all the flyers look silly as' b'nobody could get a stick on it, and it got to gilmour at the side of the net,' b'but soderstrom stoned him.' b'' b"the flyers picked things up offensively after the kill was over, but didn't" b'get anything home. shots were flyers.' b'' b'the flyers were content with the goal lead in the third period, and they' b'decided that if tommy wanted a shutout, he was going to have to work for it a' b'little.' b'' b'the flyers got most of the scoring chances in the first or so minutes of the' b"period, but couldn't get past puppa. then the leafs got tired of lindros making" b'road kill out of them, and tempers flared. each for doug gilmour and lindros' b'(unsportsmanlike conduct) and each for glenn anderson and mcgill (roughing)' b'all at terry carkner then took a kneeing penalty at on gilmour.' b'' b'again the flyers smothered the leafs power play.' b'' b'at about the minute mark, dave andreychuk got a shot away from his left' b"circle that got through soderstrom. the puck was rolling on it's side, and" b'as luck would have it it turned away from the net instead of turning towards' b'it (think of how a rolling quarter inevitably starts to lean one way or the' b"other). seconds later rod brind'amour tripped up gilmour at to give the" b'leafs another chance on the power play. on the advantage, after soderstrom' b'stoned andreychuk while lying down, andreychuk got the rebound through' b'soderstrom, but from behind the net and it went straight through and was swept' b'away by one of his defensemen. they kept the pressure on, but soderstrom was' b'equal and preserved the shutout.' b'' b'recchi cross checked ken baumgartner to get tempers hot and start a brawl' b'at no punches thrown, recchi got the initial minor, krushelnyski' b'baumgartner and lindros each got roughing minors. at rouse and beranek' b'expressed their mutual dislike for each other and got each for slashing to' b'set up another on mike eastwood shoved down ryan mcgill in the flyers' b'zone as they were battling for the puck, and while mcgill was down he ran' b"his stick across mcgill's face. the flyers were not happy with that at all." b'5-8 al conroy paired up with berehowski, and started throwing punches.' b'upward. well, al held his own, much to the delight of the crowd. each got' b'a couple punches in before going down in a head, and al got a standing o!' b'penalties: eastwood (cross check) game, clark, carkner each. berehowski' b'and conroy each (fighting) at b'' b'so a major penalty for the rest of the game for the flyers. the had no interest' b"in stting on the lead. hawgood, galley and brind'amour played catch until" b'hawgood found dineen all alone in the left circle, he controlled the puck and' b'blasted it past puppa at b'' b'that was all the fireworks, tommy soderstrom would not face another shot. puppa' b'did, but kept the flyers off the board. flyers, shots were flyers in the' b"3rd. probably the strongest game i've seen from the flyers since the all star" b'break. shutout number for soderstrom, all since tied for 2nd most in' b"the nhl, but he's played fewer games than belfour or the goalie i can't" b"remember that he's tied with." b'' b"next up it's the winnipeg selannes tuesday night in winnipeg. the flyers cannot" b'be eliminated if they win, but a loss coupled with an islander win that night' b'in washington would be the official end.' b'' b'flyers up to points on the season in games. last year they had points' b'in games under so they need at least points in their last b'games to improve on that only by percentage points under in is better' b'than under in b'' b'tragic number holds at points with games left. the tragic number for 5th' b'is points, i watched the rangers blow a third period lead at home to' b'lose before i finished this up. why points instead of well, the flyers' b'will win the tie-breaker if they catch them, whereas the islanders win tie' b'breakers against the flyers and so need only a tie. the rangers could crumble' b'down the stretch as they play the devils, the pens twice, the flyers, and' b'finish up with games against the caps. so i guess 5th place could be the' b'goal for the team to focus on.' b'' b'flyers team record watch:' b'' b'eric lindros:' b'' b'38 goals, assists, points' b'' b'(rookie records)' b'club record goals:\t\t\tclub record points:' b'eric lindros\t38 1992-93\t\tdave poulin\t76 b'brian propp\t34 1979-80\t\tbrian propp\t75 b'ron flockhart\t33 1981-82\t\tron flockhart\t72 b'dave poulin\t31 1983-84\t\teric lindros\t67 b'bill barber\t30 1972-73\t\tpelle eklund\t66 b'' b'mark recchi:' b'' b'51 goals, assists, points.' b'' b'club record goals:\t\t\tclub record points:' b'reggie leach\t61 1975-76\t\tbobby clarke\t119 b'tim kerr\t58 1985-86,86-87\tmark recchi\t117 b'tim kerr\t54 1983-84,84-85\tbobby clarke\t116 b'mark recchi\t51 1992-93\t\tbill barber\t112 b'rick macliesh\t50 1972-73\t\tbobby clarke\t104 b'bill barber\t50 1975-76\t\trick macliesh\t100 b'reggie leach\t50 b'' b'flyers career years:' b'' b'player\t\tpoints\tbest prior season' b'mark recchi\t117\t113 penguins)' b"rod brind'amour\t79\t77 flyers)" b'garry galley\t58\t38 kings)' b'brent fedyk\t58\t35 red wings)' b'' b"that's all for now..." b'' b'pete clark jr rsh flyers contact and mailing list owner' b'' 