b'' b'' b'' b'' b' ten years ago, the number of europeans in the nhl was roughly a quarter' b' of what it is now. going into the season, the numbers of euros on' b' nhl teams have escalated to the following stats:' b'' b' canadians: b' americans: b' europeans: b'' b' please note that these numbers are rounded off, and taken from the top' b' players on each of the teams. my source is the vancouver sun.' b'' b" here's the point: there are far too many europeans in the nhl. i am sick" b" of watching a game between an american and a canadian team (let's say, the" b' red wings and the canucks) and seeing names like "bure" "konstantinov" and' b' "borshevshky". is this north america or isn\'t it? toronto, detriot, quebec,' b' and edmonton are particularly annoying, but the numbers of euros on other' b' teams is getting worse as well.' b'' b"that's why we have expansion to create more jobs. nhl teams can't afford to" b'import role players from europe, they pick the stars but will continue to build' b'their teams around local players.' b'' b' with the numbers of euros in the nhl escalating, the problem is clearly' b' only getting worse.' b'' b" i'm all for the creation of a european hockey league, and let the bures" b' and selannes of the world play on their own continent.' b'' b"i'd *love* to see a european nhl division but can't see it happen for some" b"time. there's simply not enough fan interest at the moment in several" b'"crucial" markets like germany, italy and france while sweden and finland' b"probably can't afford to shell out for tickets the way" b'american/canadian fans do. call it "the minnesota north stars" effect:' b'scandinavians do love hockey but we prefer to watch local, inexpensive' b'hockey to the nhl. the national hockey league should love the idea, though.' b'pan-european tv channels such as eurosport could bring in the millions the' b'american networks likely never will pay.' b'' b" i just don't want them on mine." b'' b'' b'' b'' b' b' richard j. rauser "you have no idea what you\'re doing."' b' wni outlaws we do this for a living."' b' b' "remember, no matter where you go, there you are." -dr.banzai' 