b'' b':' b': of course, penalties will have to be changed:' b':' b': roughing:\tchauvanistic males being aggressive' b': slashing:\tchauvanistic males venting frustration' b': fighting:\tproof that males cannot cope with their feelings' b':' b'' b'no no no! since all the penalties fall into three classes, there should' b'only be three penalties:' b'' b'1. foul (any illegal contact with the other player or his stick with your' b'body or stick). if you get you are out for the game.' b'' b'2. unsportsmanlike contact. (an intentional foul). this inlcludes all the' b'current flavours of roughing, fighting and boarding. if you get two you' b'are thrown out of the game, and fined.' b'' b'3. technical foul. bad mouthing the ref, by player or coach. penalty shot' b'is awarded. two and you are thrown out of the game.' b'' b'besides the penalty shot for one technical, if the team gets penalties' b'in a period, the opposing team gets a penalty shot for every additional one,' b'until the end of the period. the victim gets two shots if he/she was in' b'the act of shooting when the foul ocured.' b'' b'this works well for several reasons. first, penalty shots are the most' b'exciting thing in hockey, right? so, it follows that the more the better.' b'next, when the player is setting up for a penalty shot, the network can' b'take a commercial. finally, with only three penalties, the network' b'announcers (don meredith, dick vitale, john madden, pat summerall, and' b'marv levy, among others) will be able to tell the viewers what happened before' b'the pa announcer says it.' b'' b'oh, one other rule. when a goal is scored times a period), the play' b'cannot resume until the pa announcer announces it. this way, the network' b'can sneak in a few more commercials. then, once the pa announcer has told' b'them who scored, the tv announcer can tell you the viewer, and even have a' b'chance of pronouncing his name right.' b'' b'seriously, though, i actually went to see a nba basketball game last week,' b'for the first time in my life. i was amazed how boring it was. the play is' b'so slow they actually had fans come out for things like free-throw shooting' b"contests during the period!. of course the 'laker girls' get to do their" b'routines at least times during the game, and not just between periods' b'either. there is a whistle every seconds on average, maybe less. the' b'game is minutes, with minutes between quarters and and a' b'10 minute halftime, and it still takes over hours.' b'' b'the reason for this has to be tv. there is plenty of room to throw in' b'commercials, and have the announcer jabber while nothing else is happening.' b'on tv, basketball is fairly entertaining, imho. but, it is better to watch' b'it on tv than to be there. if this is the road the nhl is following, then' b'it truly is a sad day.' b'' b'enough for now.' b'' b'dvb' 