b'' b'' b'' b'1. you have completely missed the point with the selke trophy. it goes' b'to the best defensive forward. this is the forward who forgoes points' b'to help his team out defensively. it is an unsung hero of sorts. yes,' b'lemieux and gilmour are good defensive players, but they play a more' b'offensively oriented style than a true defensive forward. this year,' b'' b"you mean guys that check but can't score? the guys who can both check" b"and score shouldn't be candidates? is that right?" b'' b'the selke candidate forwards main purpose on a shift is to prevent goals' b'from being scored- not to score them. when lemieux or gilmour play their' b'number one purpose is to score- defence is secondary- especially considering' b'the line that plays against them is probably a defensive one. that is' b'why they are not selke candidates.' b'' b'2. when tarasov called bob gainey the best player in the world, it was' b'assumed that he meaned the best _technical_ player- the one who knew' b'every intricacy about playing hockey and never made a technical error.' b'' b'and who was it that made this assumption? all of your friends maybe?' b'sorry greg, but people aren\'t enough...you can "assume" all that you' b'want to, but if you think tarasov was serious then you are an idiot.' b'' b'someone posted something about this assumption being lost in translation' b'(it was a few months ago). whoever this was please repost it.' b'' b'i agree with this assessment. bob gainey may have been the best technical' b'player ever.' b'' b'right greg. did you see this in the sun or something? what did you think' b"of claude provost? gainey was nothing more than a journeyman player who's" b'outstanding abilities were entirely political. he might have had a col-' b'lection of defensive skills but he had absolutely no offensive skills at' b'all. none. but perhaps you think that the abilities to pass the puck, shoot' b'the puck and deke a goalie or defenseman are not technical skills?' b'' b'gainey is the best defensive forward ever. i stand by that assessment.' b'he was a very good player who belongs in the hall of fame. did you' b'ever watch him play? he never made a technical error.' b'' b'<babbling deleted' b'' b'gee greg, the pundits were calling gilmour the best two-way player in the' b'league way back when he was with st. louis. i would have expected you to' b'have picked up on that.' b'' b'who are these pundits?? gilmour was good with st louis- but he was not the' b'best two-way player in the game when he was with them. you have overhyped' b'gilmour on this net for months. he is a very good forward- but hardly the' b'best in the nhl.' b'' b'gregmeister' 