b'' b'i found this press release from trial lawyers for public justice on' b'another system, and thought it would be of interest on campuses' b'where the administration or the athletics department wants to' b"eliminate the women's ice hockey team." b'' b'women athletes, tlp win sex discrimination ruling: brown university' b"ordered to restore two women's varsity teams" b'to: national desk, sports writer' b'contact: lynette labinger, home or' b'ray marcaccio, both of trial lawyers for' b'public justice' b'' b'washington, april the u.s. court of appeals' b'for the first circuit in boston has upheld a u.s. district court' b"order requiring brown university to immediately reinstate its women's" b'gymnastics and volleyball teams to full varsity status. the ruling in' b'cohen et al. v. brown university is the first appeals court decision' b'in the nation applying title ix to intercollegiate athletics. trial' b'lawyers for public justice (tlpj), is the national public interest' b'law firm representing the women athletes.' b'"this ruling makes clear what we have said all along if a' b'school wants to eliminate teams before women have their fair share of' b'opportunities to participate, they can only eliminiate men\'s teams,"' b'said tlpj executive director arthur bryant, co-counsel in the case.' b'the class action, filed april, charged brown with violating' b'title ix of the education amendments of the federal law that' b'prohibits sex discrimination by all educational institutions' b"receiving federal funds. brown terminated the two women's teams as" b'university-funded sports in may allowing them to continue to' b'compete against varsity teams if they could raise their own funds for' b'uniforms, travel, coaches, and all other expenses. they had also' b'been denied admission preferences for use in recruiting new members.' b'"this is a major victory for women and the cause of equal rights,"' b"said tlpj lead counsel lynette labinger of providence's roney b'labinger. "universities across america need to reevaluate their' b'programs quickly. title ix is the law and it\'s going to be enforced."' b'three similar title ix appeals await decision. colorado state' b'university, indiana university of pennsylvania (iup), and colgate' b'university are asking federal appeals courts to overturn court orders' b"requiring them to reinstate or establish specific women's varsity" b'teams. continuing its cutting-edge title ix activities, tlpj is' b'representing women athletes at iup.' b"in addition to labinger and bryant, tlpj's legal team included:" b'ray marcaccio of blish cavanagh and amato deluca of mandell, deluca' b'& schwartz in providence; and sandra duggan of philadelphia. the' b"national women's law center, women's sports foundation, and national" b'association for girls and women in sports filed an amicus brief in' b"support of tlpj's appeal." b'-30-' 