b'' b'roger maynard shares his views, with the masses, on bob gainey' b'and life in general:' b'' b'(greg ballentine) writes:' b'' b'the selke candidate forwards main purpose on a shift is to' b'prevent goals from being scored- not to score them. when' b'lemieux or gilmour play their number one purpose is to score-' b'defence is secondary- especially considering the line that' b'plays against them is probably a defensive one. that is why' b'they are not selke candidates.' b'gainey is the best defensive forward ever. i stand by that' b'assessment. he was a very good player who belongs in the hall' b'of fame. did you ever watch him play? he never made a' b'technical error.' b'' b'i watched him over his entire career. i have never seen a' b'player, and that includes russell courtnall and davie keon,' b'screw up as many breakaways as bob gainey. and i will never' b'forget the time denis potvin caught gainey with his head down.' b'you have been sold a bill of goods on bob gainey.' b'' b'it was bryan trottier, not denis potvin. it was a vicious' b"'boarding' from behind...trottier was given a major." b'' b"but roger, what the hell does this have to do with gainey's skill" b"as a hockey player? if probert smashes gilmour's head into the" b"boards next week, will that diminish your assessment of gilmour's" b'skills?' b'' b'gainey was a plugger. and when the press runs out of things to' b'say about the stars on dynasties they start to hype the' b'pluggers. grant fuhr, essa tikkannen, butch goring, bob' b'nystrom, bob gainey, doug jarvis, derek sanderson, wayne' b'cashman, bob baun, bob pulford, ralph backstrom, henri richard,' b'dick duff...and so on...' b'' b'i would take fuhr and sanderson off of the latter.' b'' b"i think gainey would be honoured to know that you've included him" b'on this list. i also think you have a relatively naive view' b'about what wins a hockey game...pluggers are an integral part of' b'any team. the selke is designed to acknowledge their' b"contribution...i think that most people understand that it's not" b'the nobel prize...so settle down.' b'' b'cordially, as always,' b'' b'rm' b'' b'--' b'roger maynard' b'' b'congenially, as always,' b'' b'jd' b'' b'--' b'james david' b'' b'western business school london, ontario' 