b'' b'' b'' b' deg has many german-born forwards in the team. in fact the majority of players' b' are german-born. deg had average in spectator arena.' b'' b'interesting! one of our german friends here (robert?) told me their forwards' b'were all canadian-germans. perhaps somebody can sort this out for us?' b'' b' my possible-nhl(european league)-site list:' b' switzerland berne, zurich (lugano and others)' b'' b'ok, "this ain\'t north america" and so on, but i still doubt that _any_ city' b'having a pop. of and below could support an nhl team. of course,' b'switzerland probably should be judged as one large city because of small' b'distances between cities but still.' b'' b' germany dusseldorf, cologne, berlin, munich (mannheim, rosenheim)' b'' b'dusseldorf? yes, although the arena is an anachronism (an open wall behind one' b"of the goals essentially an outdoor arena!). cologne's arena only seats about" b'7,000-8,000, berlin is about and no new facility will be built' b'unless their olympic bid is successful. munich does have an arena.' b'' b' sweden stockholm, gothenburg (malmo, gavle)' b'' b'malmo is big enough, but they also need a new arena...the current one has' b'5,000 seats i think.' b'' b' finland helsinki (turku, tampere)' b'' b"if we're talking about the nhl, even helsinki would struggle to make it work." b'turku (despite an excellent arena) and tampere are nowhere near big enough for' b'major league hockey.' b'' b' italy milan' b'' b'...rome and the south are out of the question; this could as well be africa' b"to hockey fans. romans were given the chance to host some wc'94 games but" b'showed no interest whatsoever. all teams in the italian league come from milan' b'and the smaller cities in the north.' b'' b' france paris (chamonix, ruoen?)' b'' b'paris had their own "volans francais"(sp) pro team a couple of years ago.' b'i believe they even made it to the european club championship finals' b'tournament one year, but eventually folded due to lower-than-hoped-for' b'attendances. the remaining cities seem to be too small to support a minor' b'sport like hockey.' b'' b' norway (oslo)' b' austria (vienna, villach)' b' chech (prag)' b' slovakia (bratislava)' b' russia (moscow, st. petersburg)' b'' b'the easter cities lack the money and infrastructure to support pro hockey.' b'' b' great britain: b'' b'perhaps most european teams will have to be like the tampa bay lightning' b'anyway; playing in a small seat arena, backed by japanese money, run by' b'enthusiasts (phil esposito), heavy' b'marketing, fans that have difficulty telling what "icing" means... london has' b'been mentioned, sheffield and birmingham also have large arenas and a new' b'mega-facility seats!) might be built in bristol in a couple of years.' b'' b' netherlands b'' b'no facilities to speak of; their biggest arena (in eindhoven) seats b'fans for hockey.' b'' b' petteri kortelainen' b'' b'marcu$' 