b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'i also think that they will have a hard time with pittsburgh if they' b'face them in the finals (which is what all the detroit sportswriters' b'are predicting). although i think bryan murray is probably the best gm' b'i have ever seen in hockey' b'' b'how do you figure that?? when bryan murray took over the wings they were' b'a pretty good team that was contending for the stanley cup but looked' b'unlikely to win it. now they are a pretty good team that is contending for' b'the stanley cup but looks unlikely to win it. a truly great gm would' b'have been able to make the moves to push the team to the upper echelon' b'of the nhl and maybe win the stanley cup. a good gm (like murray) can' b"maintain the team's success but can't push them to the next level." b'' b'when jacques demers brought the wings to the conference finals twice a' b'few years back, he had everyone on the team giving percent, but he' b'had very little talent. he had yzerman, bob probert (who had drinking' b'problems at the time), and a couple of decent goaltenders in hanlon and' b"stefan who got hot. that's about it. can you name one player on those" b'earlier teams who even deserved to be in the all-star game, much less' b'actually got there, other than yzerman and probert? like, petr klima?' b'give me a break! when they faced edmonton in both of those conference' b'finals, as hard as they played, it was clear they faced a team that simply' b"had superior talent to the wings. that's why they could not get to the" b'finals. also, at that time the norris division was still the weakest' b'division in hockey, and getting past chicago, and toronto was not as' b'impressive as it is today.' b'' b'murray has brought scoring talent to the wings that they did not have a' b'few years ago when devellano was gm and demers was coach. to name a few,' b'ysebaert, kozlov, and paul coffey (who has made a definite positive impact on' b'the power play especially).' b'' b'murray has built one of the most talented teams in hockey at the present, with' b'the possible exception of the pittsburgh penguins. the wings have at least' b'five goal scorers that i can think of, and a couple of defenseman with over' b"100 games worth of playoff experience. murray's one failing is that unlike" b"the other gm's you mentioned (who are definitely also good, don't get me" b'wrong), he has not found for himself a strong coach to motivate the team to' b'go out and give percent for the full minutes every night like they' b"did the last time they made a cup run. when a team wins or loses, it's a" b'reflection of the gm *and* the coach, which was the point of my original' b'post. if the team outmatches their opponent in terms of talent but loses' b'anyway (which has been the case this year when the wings have struggled),' b'that indicates that the gm has done his job in building up the team but the' b'coach has failed to motivate them. if, as in the case of the last run the' b'wings made in the playoffs before murray came, they gave opponents a hard' b'time who should have beaten them easily, that indicates good coaching making' b'up for a lack of talent.' b'' b'all of this is fine. i never said that murray was a bad gm. i merely said' b"that he isn't the best gm in hockey- or even a contender for that honor." b'if murray is as great as you claim- the wings would have won the stanley cup' b'by now- probably more than once. if he was as great a gm as you claim' b'and he was as poor a coach as you claim- he would have been intelligent' b'enough to hire the coach to push the team to the next level of success.' b'but murray is an average (unspectacular) nhl coach and a pretty good gm' b'so none of this is true anyway.' b'' b'gregmeister' b'' 