b'' b'how long can the leafs play short-handed and still be expected to' b'score? they did some fine penely-killing in the first men down' b"for a couple of minutes at one point) but they just couldn't keep it" b'up. they spent virtually the entire game either short-handed or' b"just coming off a penelty as soon as they'd get re-grouped, they're" b'penalized again!' b'' b"sheesh like gilmour said after the 1st you can't go calling" b"every little push an shove in a game like that. and if you're going" b'to, you have to do it for both teams.' b'' b'pearson (one of my four favorite leafs) played like a bonehead i' b'saw him personally screw up at least good scoring opportunities, and' b'then he got that *bonehead* 5-minute major high-sticking penalty.' b'' b'cullen has gotten stronger since his return from injury a hand-full of' b'games ago and he played a good game. if the other players on his line' b"can smarten up, that line should do okay. clark's got to get tough b"he's got to intimidate and go for the net. send clark up the left" b'wing over the blue line a couple times... his patented wrist shot will' b'put some numbers on the board... and pearson... heck, maybe he should' b'be benched.' b'' b"i hate to repeat grapes, but where the heck was foligno? zezel can't" b'do all the checking himself and get macllwain on the move... we' b'need some speed out there! keep potvin in net, he did okay' b'considering... although (like i said a couple weeks ago) potvin' b'messed up in a couple games in the ahl playoffs last year he can' b'easily do it again.' b'' b'my prediction last week was toronto in that the games det wins' b'will be blow-outs and the game tor wins will be close i still stand' b'by that.' b'' b"don't fret, leafs fans, in order to win in the other team has to" b'win b'' b"burns is going to make some magic he'll mix up some lines. match" b"the wings line-per-line. he'll have his team checking hard, and he'll" b'never let them get out-numbered in their own end. the leafs will win' b'wednesday night... and will take or their home games (probably the' b'first one).' b'' b'stephen leaf legge' b'' 