b'' b'' b'' b'' b'let me give my two cents worth in this whole thing:' b'' b' i am very sick of pittsburg fans(and they are my second favorite team)' b'talk about how why can\'t bruins forget about ulf samuelsson when we have' b'forgotten all about adam graves" beside the obvious fact that lemeuix\'s career' b"was never endangered by graves' slash while neely is still bother by his injury," b'i think the most important reason is:' b'' b' adam graves has played clean hockey ever since! while ulf samulesson' b" continues to play dirty(yes, trying to hit a player where he's injured" b' is dirty). fans have can forget about one dirty play but how can you' b' forget about ulf samulesson when everynight, when i watch hockey high' b' lights, i get reminded of how dirty he is.' b'' b"hitting a player when he's injured is dirty? can you explain this statement?" b'do you mean a player who was just injured on the ice(?) or do you mean a player' b'who is playing hurt. if a player is hurt he should not bother playing because' b"i don't belive any player should be let up on just because they are playing" b'hurt.' b'' b"i'm not an ulf fan but at least i can spot the fact he is like calgary's" b'theoren fleury in the respect that part of his game is to really piss other' b"players off as that's part of his job (but he lacks ulf's size!)." b'' b'i am an ulf (and pgh) fan, and what pisses me off about the whole adam graves/' b'ulf samuesson debate is that ulf plays hard-hitting hockey (nothing wrong with' b'that) while graves does what he does when the only way to win a game is to' b'intentionally hurt someone (which bites!).' b'' b'players that really piss me off are the ones who insist on hitting from behind' b'or try to go for the knees to injure the players. this kind of garbage has' b'got to go (i would really like to see muni get pasted as he is one of the' b'worst offenders).' b'' b'i thought they had instituted all kinds of new rules this season to stop crap' b'like that?!? is it just me, or does the officiating just still stink to high' b'heaven? imho, if they could get rid of the existing refs, and institute a new' b'system with more than one ref on the ice to keep an eye on the trouble-makers' b'then a lot of these things would stop, and then the game would be ruled by the' b'finnesse players: mario, selanne, bure, messier, et.al...' b'' b'just my b'' b' colin layfield "religion and sex are power plays,' b' manipulate the people for the money they pay,' b' the university of calgary selling skin, selling god' b' computer science the numbers look the same on their credit cards!"' b'' b'' b'tim drozinski' b'embry-riddle aero. univ.' b'' 