b'' b'(jouko kylmaoja) wrote:' b'' b' i watched the game germany-czechs in wc today...and i was astonished about' b' the behaviour of the german audience!' b' the german team got a few penalties in the last period and the crowd went' b' grazy! they threw coins, extra pucks and other trash into the rink...is' b' that stupid or what?? i guess the canadian referee (one of the' b" isostar-bros gave the german team a penalty for that, but it didn't help" b' much.' b" i guess the germans just are proud over their nazi-kill-'em-all-everyone-" b' but-us-germans-sucks attitude...they just seem to have that kind of attitude' b' in every possible sport (remember the european champs in stockholm in soccer)' b' it really pisses me off!' b' i do not mean that every single german has this attitude that sucks, but' b' most of them seem to do...' b'' b'i can understand your anger about the german audience. i mean, it was the' b'finnish team they played and they were taking advantage of the ridiculous' b'penalties the canadien ref called in the last period. the germans got a' b'match penalty and a minutes misconduct for practically nothing and' b'seconds after that the german goalie got two minutes for "delay of game"' b'for a shot that was deflected and went into the crowd. the resulting b'skating advantage lead to the deciding goal at a point, when the germans' b'were starting to come up strong.' b'i am also sick of the nationalism that is going on in german sports events.' b'if you watch for example a tennis davis cup match the players are often not' b'able to play for minutes, because the crowd is so obnoxious. but i have to' b'admit that this kind of nationalism is as strong or even stronger in most' b'other countries (you should go to the us and watch the way they present the' b'olympics on television; or the soccer crowds in england; or the finnish' b'spectators at nordic skiing events.....). i mean it makes me sick to see' b'all this nationalism all over the world and i would rather see the best' b'team/player win and get cheared at. i do not mind if my favorite team' b'looses to somebody that is better or plays more attractive and i have to' b'admit that in most sports the german national site is not my favorite team' b'to watch (the german soccer team is boring to watch, for example).' b'but, reading the above posting, i think that you are on the same level as' b'these crowds you are criticizing. it is easy to talk of (nearly all)' b'germans as nazis and nationalists; thats the kind of propaganda that all' b'ultraconservative people use against germany. it is true that there is a' b'great danger of re-arising nationalism in germany but from my experience' b'most of the people (at least of the people that i know) also regard this as' b"a big threat and are trying to demonstrate this attitude now. why can't we" b'just look at people as human beeings and not try to put them into drawers' b'corresponding to their nationality (eg. all russians are communists; all' b'americans are capitalists; all germans are nazis, all fins are hanging' b'around beeing drunk on ferries...).' b'in my opinion, your comment shows the narrowness of your mind and that you' b"don't seem to be different from the nazis you are talking about." b'' b'thomas' b'' b'' b'"there\'s no time to hate, barely time to wait" (jerry garcia/robert hunter)' b'' b'' 