b'' b'quebec dominated habs for first periods and only roy kept' b'this one from being rout, although he did blow 2nd goal.' b'canadians showed up in third but nords were playing dump b'pull back most of the time.' b'' b'do you notice that _nobody_ on the team is willing to take charge?' b'a dominant defenceman would be nice....too bad schneider got hurt.' b'he reminds me of chris chelios sometimes. speaking of chelios, i' b'wonder if serge savard feels like a moron for making that trade.' b'i also wish we still had corson.' b'' b'rob ramage on the ice is less useful than a gatorade bottle on the' b'bench.' b'' b'vincent damphousse has decided to take a vacation, apparently. i have' b'no idea why demers is playing denis savard on the checking line with' b'carbonneau. savard is skating well, and is one of the only dangerous' b"canadiens in quebec's zone with the puck. too bad nobody is in front" b'most of the time.' b'' b'do you also notice that in the defensive zone, not a single nordique' b'gets knocked down? it\'s disgusting. we also have lebeau b'getting pasted at centre ice by wolaninn with no reply' b'from the team, except to yell for a penalty. dammit, denis savard' b'threw the best (only?) montreal hit of the night when he knocked' b"sundin off-balance. when denis savard is your team's enforcer, there's" b'big trouble someplace...' b'' b'hextall made some good saves but' b'really this one was lost in first period when nords scored b'& could have had plus another in 2nd.' b'' b'aside from that second goal, roy did stand on his head. the third' b'period at least provided something to look forward to. habs won the' b'period, imo, and i guess somebody finally came along to smack them a' b'couple of times in the second intermission to remind them that a game' b'had started at hopefully they play that way at home. roy made' b"the saves (we'll ignore that second goal), so now it's up to the team." b'' b'' b'--' b'' b'' b'p.s. to all those grant fuhr doubters.....buffalo boston b"'nuff said. and did somebody say dale hunter was a playoff choker?" b"i'd rethink that position b'' b'' 