b'' b' so in other words, if roussel shuts out the sharks and soderstrom shuts out' b" the penguins, that's immaterial because it was the coaches decision? come on," b" joe, think about what you're saying! who they played is very significant." b" why they played them is what's irrelevent. a low gaa against good teams" b' is better than a low gaa against bad teams in the context of comparing two' b' goaltenders. a low gaa is better then a higher gaa. a low gaa against good' b' teams is much, much better than a higher gaa against bad teams in the context' b' of comparing two goaltenders.' b'' b"let's start over. i'm not arguing about who is the better goaltender. i'd" b'take soderstrom right now. what i am saying is that roussel can be a b'netminder. the gaa difference is less than half a goal per game (less than' b'that after last night), their save percentages are close, and their records' b"are similar. and with that, i just don't see how you can label roussel as" b'the most disappointing player on the flyers this season.' b'' b'you say soderstrom played against better competition. that may very well' b'be, but there is no way of knowing how roussel would have performed in' b'those games. besides, against the better scoring teams like pittsburgh,' b'the defense is more keyed up than they are against san jose.' b'' b' the same' b' for roussel in the ranger game. two real scoring chances, one he made a' b' great play, the other he was saved by a mistake from the other player. if' b' you were judging roussel on that game alone, you have very little to go by.' b'' b"but i'm not just judging roussel on that game alone. i've seen him play" b"for the past two seasons in philly and before that in hershey. it's just" b"my opinion, but i think he's got what it takes. of course, i thought that" b"about mark laforest, too. but i never did about wendell young. so i'm" b'batting in judging hershey talent since the hextall-era.' b'' b'as for the rangers game, you can say he was saved by a mistake by the' b'offensive player if you like. but rou had his leg in position to make the' b"save. if he didn't, it wouldn't have mattered if the rangers player didn't" b"get the puck up or not. it would have been a goal. on a breakaway that's" b'what the goalie wants to do, take away as much as possible and force the' b'shooter to beat him.' b'' b' but if you were to look at the tie against the habs, you saw a goalie' b' stand on his head to get that shutout. that was a goalie in action. roussel' b" doesn't have a game like that in him." b'' b'i seem to remember roussel doing an excellent job against pittsurgh on' b'opening night to give the flyers a tie against the two-time defending' b'champs. and not to take anything away from soderstrom because he was' b"senational in that game agains the habs. but you can't tell me that a" b'montreal player had an open net to shoot at some point during that game' b'and just flat out missed it. mistakes, both on offense and defense are' b"part of the game. or there'd never be shutouts." b'' b"anyway, i'm happy the flyers have both soderstrom and roussel and" b"i'm not going to argue about it anymore. besides, with the current" b'7-game winning streak and expectations soaring for next year, i' b"don't want to piss you off to the point that you don't sell me any" b'tickets next season:-).' b'' b'\\ b'joe dakes b'at&t microelectronics b'555 union boulevard b"allentown, pa let's go flyers!" b'alux1!jmd b'\\____/_//__/' b'' 