b'' b'' b'' b'' b'jagr has a higher but francis has had more points. and take it from' b'an informed observer, ronnie francis has had a *much* better season than' b'jaromir jagr. this is not to take anything away from jaro, who had a' b"decent year (although it didn't live up to the expectations of some)." b'' b'bowman tended to overplay francis at times because he is a bowman-style' b"player. he plays hard at all times, doesn't disregard his defensive" b'responsibilities and is a good leader. bowman rewarded him be increasing his' b'ice time.' b'' b'jagr can be very arrogant and juvenile and display a "me first" attitude.' b'this rubbed bowman the wrong way and caused him to lose some ice time.' b'' b'throughout the year, francis consistently recieved more ice time than' b'jagr. althouhg i have never seen stats on this subject, i am pretty' b'sure that jagr had more points per minute played that francis. when' b"you add to that jagr's better rating, i think it becomes evident" b'that jagr had a better season- not that francis had a bad one.' b'' b'' b'actually, what i think has become more evident, is that you are determined to' b'flaunt your ignorance at all cost. jagr did not have a better season than' b'francis to suggest otherwise is an insult to those with a modicum of' b'hockey knowledge. save your almost maniacal devotion to the almighty' b'plus/minus it is the most misleading hockey stat available.' b'' b'until the nhl publishes a more useful quantifiable statistic including ice' b'time per game and some measure of its "quality" (i.e., is the player put out' b'in key situations like protecting a lead late in the game; is he matched up' b"against the other team's top one or two lines; short-handed, etc), i would" b'much rather see the disappear altogether instead of having its dubious' b'merits trumpeted by those with little understanding of its implications.' b'' b'thank you for posting this. as the person who first brought up the' b'fact that jagr has a much higher than francis, i can assure you' b'that i brought it up as an example of the absurdity of b'comparisons, even on the same team. i never, ever thought that anyone' b"would argue that jagr's higher actually reflected better two-way" b'play.' b'' b"in my opinion, francis's low is purely a result of him being asked" b'to play against opponents top scorers at all times; the fact that he' b"can chip in points while neutralizing the other team's top center" b'is a testament to how valuable he is, even if his suffers. on the' b"other hand, jagr, for how big, fast and skilled he is, can't even get" b'90 points, no matter how inflated his is.' b'' b"(by the way, don't get me wrong i like jagr. he may be a lazy" b'floater, but he turns it on at exactly the right times like' b'overtime of playoff games).' b'' b'--' 