b'' b'' b"on the other hand, i'm hard pressed to think of any other real mistakes" b'fereirra made. imagine indeed, but then again we have the benefit of' b'hindsight.' b'' b'well, the "jettison for youth fast" strategy was his. also in hindsight, it' b"didn't work all that well, but i think it was more because it left the" b'sharks on a tightrope without a net, not that it was inherently flawed. it' b'was the injuries that caused us to fall.' b'' b"let's say that in the view of the sharks' upper management, the attempt" b'to trade kisio was a major factor in the decision to fire feirerra.' b'' b'from all indications, it wasn\'t the "major" factor, but the "last straw".' b'there were personality conflicts among shark management, and disagreements' b'over how personnel were going to be handled (not just who was being traded' b'vs. kept, but who was being sent to kc. what ferriera did, if rumors are' b'right, was not always what the folks behind the bench wanted or needed).' b'' b"i'm inclined to take exactly the opposite view: they should have kept" b"him...he's obviously the luckiest man in hockey!" b'' b"i think if they'd kept ferriera, they would have lost some of their other" b'management staff. depending on which sources you trust, we might have lost' b'grillo and lombardi and murdoch over the summer. frankly, i want to keep' b'those three. (we may well ahve also lost kingston, which, of course, is now' b'a moot point).' b'' b'the sharks have been building an organizational staff that is highly' b'consensual and cooperative. ferriera wanted to run things his way. there' b'were conflicts. ferriera lost. that says nothing about his skills or' b'accomplishments at that level, a lot is personality and politics.' b'' b'i think he did some good things for the sharks, but that he never fit in as' b'a "shark person". i hope he succeeds beyond his wildest dreams down in' b"anaheim, too, because it'll be good for hockey. (but i want the ducks to be" b'doormats for a couple of years, so the sharks succeeed first).' b'' b'--' b'member, sfwa editor, otherrealms genie: mac.bigot alink:chuq' b'' 