b'' b'' b'' b'it was unlikely, improbable. for the bruins, it was the stuff of' b'nightmares; for the sabres, it was a taste of heaven.' b'for the first time since the sabres have won the first three' b'games of a series. last time was a three games to none victory in a' b'best of five against the canadiens. it takes a little more work this' b'time. the sabres seem ready to put in the extra work.' b"on the heels of a shutout, one that took away boston's home ice" b'advantage, the sabres came back with a four to three overtime win. it' b"wasn't easy. it wasn't always pretty. it still worked." b'john blue got the nod for boston, supplanting andy moog as starting' b'goaltender. moog was pulled midway through game on tuesday.' b'buffalo started with a goal by mogilny, his fourth of the playoffs, on' b"the powerplay, with boston's don sweeney and gord roberts in the box." b'lafontaine and hawerchuk had the assists. goal number two was' b"khmylev's first of the playoffs, a pretty goal scored when the sabres" b'stole the puck and passed to an open and waiting khmylev. smehlik and' b'hannan assisted. determined not to be shut out, boston tallied on a' b'shot by ray bourque on the powerplay, with colin patterson and bob' b'sweeney both in the box. period two was scoreless, a split of' b"penalties between the two clubs. the third saw boston's smolinski get" b'his first, courtesy of oates. buffalo resecured the lead two minutes' b'later, from former bruin bob sweeney (khmylev and carney). neely tied' b'the game of the way through the third, sending it into overtime.' b'last year overtime meant a bruin win. last night, it spelled sweet' b'revenge, as buffalo scored with ray bourque in the penalty box, on a' b'tip in by khmylev (hawerchuk and lafontaine) a minute into overtime.' b'both teams finished with shots.' b'power-play conversions--boston buffalo b'referee--rob shick.' b'' b'comments: shick pocketed the whistle in the third, allowing a lot of' b"clutching and grabbing. buffalo's penalty killing unit was fantastic" b'again. mogilny was checking. granted he missed once and instead' b'flung his body into the boards, but checking like this is a novel idea' b"to mogilny. the crowd was unbelievable. i don't think i've ever" b'heard a crowd that loud in the aud for a sabres game (remember, i was' b"only five when they played for the cup. i don't remember it and no" b'one took me to the games). doug bodger, in a postgame interview,' b'noted that he tried to say something to hawerchuk, but the crowd was' b"too loud, even though he was shouting. it didn't seem to matter, as" b'most of the sabres and even muckler said it was great. yuri khmylev' b"didn't seem to realize that he was the game's third star and didn't" b'skate out when his name was called. sweeney and fuhr each' b'were out before yuri made his appearance, sans jersey. when asked in' b'an interview later whether he knew how big a goal that was, he' b'responed yes (ok, it was through an interpreter and he said more than' b'that, even more than the interpreter said, but i digress). the' b"interviewer seemed to think just because he doesn't speak english, he" b'must not understand playoffs. uh-huh.' b'' b'--' b'valerie hammerl \t john sr. would lift pat over the boards, grab' b'get that feeling, and the only way was to learn how to skate." p. lafontaine' 