b'' b'' b'while watching the penguins/devils game last night, i saw the "slash" that' b'barrasso took on the neck. this brought to mind the goaltender who had his' b"jugular vein cut by a skate. i think he was a sabre, but i'm not positive." b'does anyone remember/know his name? what has happened to him since? what' b'about the player whose skate cut the goalie? name? info? has this ever' b'happened before in a hockey game?' b'' b"it was clint malarchuk's neck cut by uwe krupp's skate. i know it happened in" b"buffalo, but i can't tell you against whom." b'' b'krupp was defending an opposing attacker charging the net.' b'' b"it was not krupp's skate. krupp was defending against steve tuttle," b'of the blues. they both sort of tripped and fell toward malarchuk,' b"and tuttle's skate came perilously close to cutting (but actually just" b'missed) the jugular. malarchuk immediately fell to the ice, hands at' b'his neck, blood on the ice.' b'' b'malarchuk became the fourth goalie (behind hasek, puppa and draper) after' b"suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder. he's been playing in san diego" b'for former sabre coach rick dudley.' b'' b"he'd been suffering from it for over a decade. he just wasn't" b"diagnosed for it until he didn't sleep for ten days and decided to" b"have some alcohol to help him sleep. unfortunately, he'd just been" b"put on ulcer medicine a few days earlier. it's amazing he lasted as" b'long as he did. ocd sufferers stop distinguishing the line between' b"reality and imagination, or fail to accept that something they've" b'checked is ok now. for example, an ocd sufferrer can wash his hands' b"over and over and still think they're dirty. he might check the oven" b"ten times to be sure it's turned off. he might see a movie about" b'something and automatically assume the situation is the same for his' b'own life. malarchuk has dramatically decreased the medicine he takes,' b'but still needs it. he went off it this past winter and had a bad ocd' b'episode and i think was in the hospital for a couple days. (he felt' b'it slowed his reflexes, so he tried to go without). in any event, he' b'is alive and well and living in san diego, while playing with the' b'gulls (ihl).' b'' b'' b'krupp is now playing for the islanders after the lafontaine/turgeon trade.' b'' b"and tuttle is no longer with the blues, but i don't know where he is." b"possibly in the ihl, but you'd best ask a blues fan." b'' b'--' b'valerie hammerl \t john sr. would lift pat over the boards, grab' b'get that feeling, and the only way was to learn how to skate." p. lafontaine' 