b'' b'' b'the tv coverage of the playoffs is fucking ridicules. overtime time games' b'that are not shown? what the hell kind of shit is this? if that would' b'have happened to the flyers(if they were in the damn playoffs to begin' b'with) while i was watching, i would have gone throught the roof!' b'' b'however, everybody is getting pissed off at espn, but they are not the' b"ones to blame. they have prior contracts that they just can't simply break" b'whenever they want to. the n.h.l. is to blame. when they signed the' b'deal with espn, they had to know of this. they had to know shit like this' b"would happen since they wouldn't have complete priority. the n.h.l." b'should be feeling the heat that is being thrown at espn. how can the' b'n.h.l. do this to its fans? how dare they. we are the ones that make the' b"damn league exist and they can't even televise complete playoff games for us to" b'watch! they more i write about this, the more pissed off i get. we must' b'let the n.h.l. know that we expect a little better than this. if anybody' b'out there knows how to go about doing this, let me and everybody else know.' b'' b"well i had to get that off my chest and while i'm at it...." b'' b'mario is the michael jordan of hockey. all that fucker has to do is fall' b'on the ice and the closet guy to him gets at least last night in the' b'3rd game between nj and pitt, he was being pushed while skating across the' b'front of the goal while trying to get a shot off. the guy on him was' b'doing a good job, so he got off a weak shot, but then he decided to fall' b'to the ice. then the fucking ref(van helloamend?) called the guy for' b'holding. they replayed the play, and my roomate(who is clueless about' b'hockey) wanted to know what the nj guy did to get a call, because it was so fucking obvious the nj player' b'had both hands on his stick, and no, he did not trip him. it is simple,' b'mario gets touched, he falls to the ice, automatic but the thing that' b"really pissed me off is, pitt scored the 3rd or 4th goal, i don't remember," b'on the resulting pp and' b'eventually won his diving/calls makes a huge difference in the' b'outcome of a game.' b'' b'they gotta stop the damn holding and interference that is so fucking' b'obvious. that is not hockey. it allows inferior players to bring down the' b'level of the better players, and allows inferior teams to beat better ones.' b'this has pissed me off for many years now, and it has improved somewhat.' b'however, during the playoffs and 3rd periods, the damn refs must misplace' b"their balls, because they sure don't make any calls that show that they got" b'any.' b'' b'all agreeing or disagreeing replies are welcomed.' b'' b'steve' b'' b'' 