b'' b'' b'wow, this guy seems to be out to prove something to his old team, boston.' b'which sweeney you ask...well, of course bob sweeney, the one that boston' b'let buffalo get a hold of (they still have sweeneys which makes things' b'slightly confusing). game winner in ot in game and another' b'big goal (seconds after fuhr made point blank saves this is why' b'grant has rings!!!) to put buffalo ahead in the 3rd. yes, neely countered' b"a minute later, but hadn't this course of buffalo going ahead after being" b'tied and shutting down another few great scoring opportunities, i' b'think boston would have notched their first win of the series.' b'' b"well, the sabres haven't made it to the end of this series yet, but" b"i certainly feel they've got boston right were they want them...actually," b"they've got them in a position that neither buffalo nor boston felt" b'that would come about. one more astronomical game by fuhr, a few more' b'heroics by the rest of the team (this is a team sport afterall) and i' b'think borque, neely, jouneau (sp?), and company are gonna be swinging' b"a new stick (weather is perfect for golf season) real soon. i'm not" b"gonna waiger anything on this, because i've seen some really strange" b'things happen in both pro and college hockey.' b'' b'talking about golf...was that a hockey swing, golf swing or baseball' b'swing that hawerchuck used in the last shot of the game that khmylev' b'deflected in for the big one? the whole ot (all minute of it!) was a' b"tesiment to buffalo's ability to really be persistent and grind it out" b"in the end (something they weren't necessarily in the regular season). the" b'sabres pushed hard and forced borque to blatently take down bodger in' b"the opening seconds. i don't normally like penalties being called in" b'such ultra-critical points, but this was blatent. finally, the sabres' b"won a faceoff (they weren't that hot in this dept the rest of the game)" b'when lafontaine scooped at the puck times. when hawerchuck took his' b'shot (quite a boomer, but blue stopped this one) he took a few steps' b'over to get his own rebound and slapped at it again, without setting' b"it up. i didn't realize it went in until the announcer started screaming," b'"they score, they score!!!". the best was seeing lafontaine jumping' b'up and down, skating a little bit, jumping some more, and then skating' b'over to brad may who he jumped on.' b'' b'doug mckee' 