b'' b'' b"it's true that vancouver did not make the playoffs for many a year before" b'quinn came, but in those years the smythe division was a lot--i mean *a lot*--' b'tougher division than the norris, also known as the "snorris", division.' b'vancouver had to play edmonton and calgary, both very legitimate stanley' b'cup contenders, eight times a year, while detroit got to play such' b'powerhouses as toronto and minnesota. now, edmonton is hardly even a force' b'in the league, and the smythe even has the mighty san jose sharks, while' b'' b"them thar's fighting words...hardly a force...geez...miss the playoffs" b'once in years, and even after making the final four times in the' b'last five years, and everyone thinks its doomsville.' b'' b'over this same period of time in which vancouver was improving, so was' b'everybody in the norris (except st. louis). detroit had to improve just' b'to keep up with the competition in their division. they had to improve *a' b'lot* to get better than their competition in the norris.' b'' b'bryan murray inherited a team with very little talent. for really good' b'players, they had yzerman, burr, and probert, and that was about it. (and' b'no doubt some will dispute whether burr and probert were that good). the' b'rest were either very green rookies or washed up veterans. the only reason' b'they got as far as they did in the years before murray came was due to the' b'coaching of demers, who, at least at first, got every last ounce of effort' b'possible out of his team. then, even his coaching began to degrade.' b'' b'' b'fedorov, primeau, kozlov, lidstrom, sillinger, konstantinov, drake,' b'kennedy, racine, and cheveldae were already in the pipeline due to' b'devellano...murray inherited these guys...in addition to yzerman,' b'probert, carson, chiasson, etc.' b'' b"there are a number of reasons why detroit wasn't in as bad a shape standings" b'wise when murray took over as vanc. was when quinn took over, some of which' b'i outlined above, but murray did not have any better personnel to work with' b'at the outset than did quinn, with the exception of yzerman. and one player' b"cannot alone make a team into a stanley cup contender, as i'm sure everyone" b'reading this will agree.' b'' b'' b'no...quinn had far less...murray took over detroit at a time to' b"take advantage of all of devellano's good drafting...if devellano" b'had not given in to demers request to make the oates trade, he might' b'still be gm.' b'' b'gerald' 