b'' b'' b'' b'' b" as a person who has rarely even seen don cherry and doesn't know" b"anything about him, i don't know whether it is just this area" b'(pittsburgh) of the usa that is "deprived" of his broadcasts or whether' b"he's a canadian thing altogether. seriously, what is he all about? i" b'know he was a coach at one time, and from the volume of posts about him,' b'someone surely is getting a steady diet of him somehow, but my question' b'is, what is the deal with him? secondly, are the comments of his that i' b'read about on the net merely flame bait, or do people actually take him' b'seriously? i gotta tell you, from what i see, he really sounds like an' b"ass. let me know maybe i'm missing something." b'' b'' b'well, here in detroit we get to see and hear don cherry quite regularly.' b'the detroit area picks up hockey night in canada from cbc (ch in' b"windsor where we see don cherry's coaches corner between periods. we" b"also get to see don cherry's grapevine just before the game. the" b'grapevine is a hockey talk show where don talks to a player or coach' b"about what else: hockey. it's actually a pretty good show and don" b"isn't as annoying as he is on coaches corner. i think this is were" b"don got his nickname 'grapes' but i'm not sure. don use to coach the" b"boston bruins. i don't know exactly when that was. could someone fill" b'me in on this info?' b'a local radio station here in detroit (wllz) talks to don every tuesday' b"morning. personally, i've had my fill of donny! he really pisses me off" b'sometimes. during the detroit-toronto game monday night on cbc, don gave' b'high praise to doug gilmour, saying he was a two-way player and not' b'just a designated goal scorer and that he is probably the best player' b"in the game because of that. that's fine and i agree that gilmour" b'is a good two-way player but he said the exact same thing about yzerman' b'about a month ago on a local radio talk show. what gives?' b'it seems like he just has a set speech that he changes when he goes from' b'city to city.' b"don cherry: 'i think <insert star player name for city that he is in" b"is the best two-way player in the league today.'" b'' b"there have been other times (can't remember exactly what he said) that he" b'basically changed his opinions to match the audience he was talking to.' b'someone here on the net said something about how don criticized mario' b'lemieux but when the time comes for don to broadcast the cup playoffs' b'from the civic center (yes, i think the pens will make it out of the' b'wales conference) don will apologize left and right for his remarks about' b"lemieux. in my opinion, he is an ass. and i won't change my opinion" b"if i'm in a different city." b"sorry, if this didn't answer your question better but i just had to get" b'this off my chest.' b'' b'laurie marshall' b'wayne state university' b'detroit, michigan' b'go wings!!!' 