b'' b"i don't think trading kisio was intrinsically a mistake; however, trading him" b'for a 3rd round pick would be; he should have been worth a lot more than a' b'3rd round pick for a playoff team. in fact, i would intimate that the offers' b'the sharks got this year for kisio were way greater than just a 3rd round pick.' b'' b"hindsight's nobody expected kisio to have his 2nd best career year." b'' b'besides, without kisio, the sharks would have tanked even earlier in' b'the season, and gund might have gotten a little more serious' b'about getting joe murphy, a guy who definitely would be around' b'3 years from now when the sharks do make the playoffs.' b'' b'what else could be done? the gunds offered million for murphy, but the' b'oilers wanted prospect(s), which the sharks declined to give, which i think is' b'correct.' b'' b"i didn't mean to imply that gund's offer wasn't enough. gund's offer" b'was the right but too late in the season. $2m offered in november' b'lets sather buy a replacement for murphy *this* season and make the' b"playoffs *this* year. $2m in march doesn't help sather with his" b"immediate objectives, doesn't help with long term objectives (only a" b'prospect or draft pick does, and no way should the sharks do that).' b'however, getting back to what-if games, had kisio been traded to' b'chicago last year, then the sharks go for october, and maybe gund' b"panicks sooner in november. and here's another what-if twist: chicago" b'would have had kisio this season; they *never* go after murphy in the' b'first place because kelly is having his *best* season (bigger guys in' b'chicago). so gund has no competition. so ferriera, sather, and keenan' b'all look like geniuses.' b'' b'a broken fax machine, and ferriera, keenan, and maybe kingston' b'(and maybe even green) lose their jobs. kind of makes you' b"shiver doesn't it. b'' b'bottomline, for every black scenario any of you can concoct for' b'kisio leaving, i can concoct an equally bright one.' b'' b"if the kisio-fiasco was the cause of ferierra's down fall, i hope" b"it wasn't because he tried to trade kisio, but because he screwed it" b"up. nonetheless, i'm sorry ferierra and kingston are gone, and i wish gund" b'would follow.' b'' b'and what have the gunds done exactly that caused you to wish that they were' b'gone? b'' b'are you serious?' b'- let ferierra go,' b'- fire kingston (these last two basically mean that' b'sharks are starting over again in terms of the' b"timetable to capture the cup. as i've stated" b'frequently: out expansion teams had the same gm' b'from inception through cup season)' b'' b'- broadcast more home games than away games' b'- broadcast very few road pacific and mountain time games' b"- jack up my ticket prices from to in two years (not that i'm" b"going to pay bucks for seats. i'll probably next to the" b'virtual folks)' b'' b'- not tell me my priority b'- not let me sell my priority b'- in order for me to get the free jacket, force me to order my tickets' b'for next season before i get to select my section' b'' b'- not let me park at the new arena after paying for their' b'privileged parking lot (which was sometimes full when' b'i got there) for straight years.' b'' b"i've been a loyal ticket holder, since day (literally) in spring of" b"'90 when the team was announced. and i'm not getting that loyalty" b'returned. wirtz treats his fans far better by comparison. and' b'pocklington with his cheap tix is the best owner of all.' b'' b'go edmonton oilers! go for playoffs next year! stay in edmonton!' b'' b"i know one isn't suppose to make negative comments on signatures, but" b'what did us oiler fans do to you to deserve the "stay in edmonton"' b"part? i'd never wish the kings to leave metro-la; it's too much fun" b"watching the shark's beat them." b'--' b"their fans are even more intelligent and insightful than pittsburgh's. their" b'players are mighty bright, too. i mean, he really *was* going to get his' b"wallet back, right?'' jan brittenson on leaf/pen woofers in" b'rec.sport.hockey' 