b'' b" as a person who has rarely even seen don cherry and doesn't know" b"anything about him, i don't know whether it is just this area" b'(pittsburgh) of the usa that is "deprived" of his broadcasts or whether' b"he's a canadian thing altogether. seriously, what is he all about? i" b'' b'he\'s a canadian "thing". former coach of the boston bruins and colorado' b'rockies. from the summaries that get posted i gather that his ongoing beef' b'this year has been the conventional wisdom that canadian hockey is doomed' b'to be second or third rate behind the perceived emergence of the u.s.' b'and european programs.' b'' b'know he was a coach at one time, and from the volume of posts about him,' b'someone surely is getting a steady diet of him somehow, but my question' b'is, what is the deal with him? secondly, are the comments of his that i' b'' b"after he left the rockies, he got a job with cbc's hockey night in canada" b"and hasn't looked back since. actually, he did work for cbc at least" b'on playoff season after the rockies were eliminated.' b'' b'read about on the net merely flame bait, or do people actually take him' b'seriously? i gotta tell you, from what i see, he really sounds like an' b'' b"i'd say it's a combination of flame bait and serious journalism. the closest" b"thing you'll find to cherry in the u.s. is stan fischler, a self-described" b'hockey maven. the similarities are that they both say things that get' b'people upset. the difference is that cherry knows the game and fischler' b"doesn't." b'' b"ass. let me know maybe i'm missing something." b'' b"don's a character. if he were completely rational and noncontroversial" b"he wouldn't have a job. by some definitions, he could be called an ass." b'but then some people feel the same about mike lang, another character that' b'i wish would get wider exposure (only one national telecast last year).' b'--' b"their fans are even more intelligent and insightful than pittsburgh's. their" b'players are mighty bright, too. i mean, he really *was* going to get his' b"wallet back, right?'' jan brittenson on leaf/pen woofers in" b'rec.sport.hockey' 