b'' b'i prefer' b'to watch hockey than seeing shots of felix potvin slashing and spearing dino' b'ciccerelli standing in front of the net. he has every right to stand in' b'front of the net, just not in the crease!' b'' b" yes, he does. but, the goalie sure as hell doesn't want him there! when" b' i played roller hockey (boy do i miss those days) as a goalie, i would' b" scream at my defense to clear guys out of the slot. i don't care if he's" b' in the crease or not, get him the hell away from me so i can see the ball!' b' (yes, roller hockey, remember) and if there was nobody around to clear' b" the slot, then i'd do it myself by pushing the offending player--*hard*." b" i *hate* people in my way when i'm the goalie, and i am sure felix does" b" too. i should say that i didn't see the incident, so if potvin really" b" swung the stick big time, then that's not right, but he can move people" b" out of the way. he's a player on the ice too, you know. b'' b' b" keith keller\t\t\t\tlet's go rangers!!!!!" b" in this corner\t\t\t\tlet's go quakers!!!!!" b' weighing in at almost every weight imaginable b' life, and all that surrounds it.\t\t blues traveler, b"i have to agree wholeheartedly with this view. i don't like to see stickwork," b'but you have to clear players away from in front. my personal favorite move' b"(i'm a goalie too) is to give the offeding player a good whack on the back" b"of their skates when the ref isn't looking. makes 'em go down like a ton of" b"bricks, but doesn't cause injuries unless they don't know how to fall (i'm" b'talking about hitting the blades here, not the foot). it also makes the' b'player you hit and anyone who sees really mad and apt to take a stupid' b'retaliation penalty. unfortunately, it also leaves your blocker out of' b"position for a short time...i don't do this if a shot is likely on the short" b'side. hmm....maybe i should mail potvin this method (in french and with' b'helpful diagrams, of course). it sure would be nice to see ciccerelli (who' b"i have a great deal of respect for, btw, he's not a big guy, but he plays" b'huge!) fall on his back a few times! b'' b'barfly' 