b'' b" i for one am happy about the ranger's hiring of keenan. it's too bad" b'that they' b" didn't hire him when smith fired nielsen, maybe he could of staightened" b'out the' b' babies on this team and made the playoffs. what this team needs is a' b'little' b' fire under their butts!!' b'' b" reading through most of these hockey news i don't see many ranger fans" b'writing.' b" i'm new to this system and a big hockey fan and a long suffering(1940)" b'ranger' b' fan. but remember suffering builds character!!' b'' b' i have some final questions about the way the team was handled in that' b'last' b' dreadful stretch.' b'' b" knowing they needed offensive help from the blueline, why didn't we" b'see mike' b' hurlbut, who played pretty well when he was called up when leetch first' b'went' b' down?' b'' b' why????!!!!! is joe kocur playing every night? he is not bob probert' b'who is' b' tough but also can play.' b'' b' how come paul broten is relegated to street clothes for the end of' b'the' b' season. at least he plays with some heart and character, draws' b'penalties and' b" plays when he's on the ice. was he in the doghouse for some" b'reason?' b'' b' joe cirella?????!!!! enough said!' b'' b" ranger fans may be suffering but we're some of the most loyal, unlike" b'islander' b' fans who only show up when the team wins.' b'' b" as far as the stanley cup goes i think there's only one team that can" b'test' b" pittsburgh and that's detroit. this would be the most entertaining and" b'hard' b' fought series. mario is amazing!' b'' b' kurt' b'' b'i think joe kocus should play every night. he is a big physical guy, and' b'he gets the fans into the game with some big hits. (both checks and' b'fists) its a big advantage to get the crowd going. plus, he helps' b'protect the other players. notice there are very few fights when kocur is' b'on the ice unless he is it. i have seen people start to go after essa' b'tikkanen, only to go slinking away when kocur steps in. i think he is big' b'asset, but should be third line, and special situation only play.' b'' b'' b'' b'' 