b'' b'' b'terence rokop writes:' b'' b'richard j coyle writes:' b'' b"that's not inner calm. it's boredom, and it's being spoiled. the arena's" b'been as quiet as a church on many nights this year; too many of us just' b"take winning for granted. it's been seemingly forever since the team" b"lost, and we've forgotten what it's like to feel real excitement and" b'surprise at victory.' b'' b'i don\'t really agree with this. but it is an entirely different "high,"' b"at any rate. the first cup the pens won, i didn't think about anything" b'else; i just watched mario and all skate the thing around the ice. now' b'it seems to be more of a question whether or not, thirty years from now,' b'young hockey fans (may there be millions!) will still ask us what it was' b"like to watch this team. that's what they are playing for now. but i" b'was still as nervous as ever when the devils were blasting shots at' b'barrasso in the final seconds of game three, so the fun is far from over' b'yet.' b'' b"i'm not bored either. most people i know say that winning the second cup" b'was better than the first but to me nothing will ever top that first one.' b"but i'm every bit as excited this year and i am experiencing that inner calm" b'to which susan originally referred. inner calm is not boredom.' b'' b"as far as the arena in general being boring, well richard's got that right." b"it's been that way all season. i attribute it to a lot of new fans who" b"just don't have the same spirit and knowledge as long-time fans. at" b"last tuesday's game, i overheard a man express surprise that a" b'goaltender can get an' b'assist.' b'' b'anyone who follows sports with regularity knows that anything can happen' b"at any time. i'm confident in the pens but i'm also not stupid enough to" b"think for one minute that it's impossible for new jersey to blow them out" b"of this series. i doubt that will happen but it's possible. bored? uh-uh." b'spoiled? not in the least. forgot what excitement is like? living through' b"that amazing streak wasn't exciting?! i don't take a darned thing for" b'granted. god, look at chicago...' b'' b"and i see no problem with quietly savoring all of this anyway. it isn't gonna" b'last forever and i intend to enjoy it while i can.' b'' b'mom.' b'' 