b'' b'' b'as for the picks' b'ottawa picks which means it is almost that alexander daigle will' b"go he'll either stay or be traded in montreal or quebec." b'' b'i dunno about hat. i have friends up there on genie who are now saying that' b"ottawa's gone soft on daigle and is thinking hard about pronger. daigle has" b"shown an attitude the latter part of this season many folks havne't liked," b'and after coming back from his (second) multi-game suspension for being' b"stupid, he's really tanked in his performance. his stock is dropping like a" b'rock.' b'' b'also remember that a lot of teh "draft 1st" stuff comes from the assumption' b"he'll be traded to quebec for lots of prospects. it's not clear that" b'quebec would really be willing to pay a lot for him given his current' b"status. he's still first round, but i don't consider him a first pick lock" b'by any means at this point.' b'' b"it's also possible that the senators are posturing to try to bring down his" b'signing price, since daigle has been taking some lindros lessons during thos' b'suspensions.' b'' b'imo i would' b'take kariya. he should alot of leadership in the ncaa and so far in' b"the world championships. daigle didn't show this for his junior team." b'' b'san jose will then get kariya.' b'' b"no. kariya won't go in the first three, for a very simple reason: he's not" b"leaving college, and i don't believe any of the expansion teams are going to" b"use a first for someone who won't be around for another year or two, not" b'when there is equally good (or almost as good) stuff available that can make' b'an immediate impact. san jose seems to be leaning heavily towards' b'niedermayer for that reason. kariya could go 6th or 7th, unless a team can' b'convince him to leave school early (which i doubt).' b'' b'' b'my cut on things as they stand today:' b'' b'draft order' b'-----------' b'1) ottawa daigle, if not, pronger)' b"2) san jose niedermayer, unless ottawa skips daigle. then it's open." b"(it depends on if the sharks can get a deal for him. i don't" b'believe they draft him to keep him).' b"3) tampa bay (whoever ottawa doesn't take, or maybe koslov)" b'' b'--' b'member, sfwa editor, otherrealms genie: mac.bigot alink:chuq' b'' 