b'' b'' b'the probability is that the oilers are not going anywhere.' b'' b'gerald, look at what happened to the stars; they are off to dallas.' b'' b'' b'pocklington has chosen this moment to make his "last" stand is' b'because he is at the moment of maximum advantage...the provincial' b'government is months away from a provincial election...it is' b'the moment when he has maximum power to convince northlands' b'to give him a better arena deal or a better purchase price...' b"and it is before the nhl's new collective agreement with" b'the players which might involve some enhanced revenue-sharing.' b'' b'gerald, the alberta election is slated fou june, unless something re?ally goes' b'wrong this time!! pocklington could end up being the embarassment of klein' b"if he goes ahead with his 'ultimatum'." b'' b'' b'pocklington is many things...stupid is not one of them.' b'' b'gerald, people still have an axe to grind with this guy. i cannot see him staying for long.' b'' b'he can dictate terms...because other cities will pay his' b"price if edmonton doesn't." b'' b"but the people in edmonton won't budge, trust me on this one." b'' b'edmonton has already up its international airport, and' b'surrendered supremacy to calgary, and over the next few years' b'edmonton is going to take a hard hit from government cutbacks.' b'it will screw itself beyond recogniton if it manages to find' b'a way to lose its hockey team too...because northlands wants' b'to continue to use the oilers to subsidize horse racing.' b'' b"northlands won't budge ccording to one of the board members, bruce campbell." b'' b'however, in this case, about the long-term financial' b'viability of the oilers, the fact is that pocklington is basically' b'right, regardless of who owns the team, and it is right to provoke' b'the crisis now, before the team accumulates millions of dollars' b'in losses, or becomes habitually uncompetitive because of lack' b'of money.' b'' b"i haven't heard anything, but attendance at the coliseum was the lowest this" b'year. hint!!hint!! remeber what i said about a personal vendetta?' b'' b'sather has done his job...the oilers are poised to be competitive' b'again very soon (al strachan, one of the most knowledgeble hockey' b'writers in canada in a post-mortem of the oilers season in' b'the globe and mail recently agrees with me.)' b'' b"gerald, don't blame sather. this battle between the peole and pocklington" b'started in and got worst when pocklington sold gretzky.' b'' b'there were days when you can shake the hand of pocklington when he was' b'respectalbe( i use to do so in season) but those days are goe!!' b'' b'gerald' b'' b'btw, when following up, please delete name of posting writer.' b'--' b'dave shariff yadallee (b. sc.(econ/math) (u of alberta b'jesus saves lives from eternal damnation!' b'newfoundland, keep good old clyde, vote liberal!' 