b'' b'' b'(roger maynard) wrote:' b'' b' once again the leafs overcame the red wings in what was possibly the' b' most exciting game played yet in this playoff year.' b'' b'perhaps it was the most exciting game played yet that you have seen. for' b'most of us who watch teams around the league with interest and objectivity,' b'it was *nowhere* *near* the most exciting game...' b'' b"paul stewart called *the* single worst game i've seen this year." b"federov's major was obvious, and i don't dispute it. however, chaisson's" b"penalty shouldn't even have been a penalty, let alone a major and a" b'game misconduct. the 5-minute+ game misc. call is for high sticking only.' b'there is no "blood" penalty. just because chaisson barely touched the' b"poor sap, and he hit the dasher and bled profusely doesn't mean it is a" b'penalty.' b'' b'unfortunately, the instant replay is not used on hits. at first, i' b'immediately thought and a game" because the hit _looked_ much more severe' b'from an intent-to-injure perspective than it was. after seeing the replay,' b"i'd say it deserved minutes for boarding (it was careless any way you" b'slice it). if stewart had replay, i do not think chaisson would have gotten' b'5 and the game.' b'' b'in the second period, behind potvin, probert had the puck, and was' b"going to get out front, and was _tackled!_ i couldn't believe the no-call." b'' b'this no-call was bullshit, i agree. i admire stewart for letting them go, but' b"probert *looked* *up* saying where the hell is the penalty? i've never" b"seen probert whine either (he doesn't need to). now, if probie" b"decides to put wendel through the boards, he's probably gone, right?" b'' b"i don't remember who (on the leafs) touched the puck" b"on racine's shot towards the end of the game seconds left), but stewart" b'called it out of play, last touched by detroit. everybody in the garden,' b'including the linesmen knew it. yzerman protested, but stewart just' b'laughed, and really "homered" the wings.' b'' b"this was also bullshit. but once again, no replay. it was rouse, btw. i'm" b"really pissed that the linesmen didn't correct the call either....it's b.s." b'when the officials refuse to admit they made a mistake.' b'' b'but, when it all comes down to it, [wings played like shit.....]' b'' b'yes. the calls you describe should not have the difference in a detroit' b'loss. i picked the leafs to win game on emotion and adrenalin, but the' b'wings have no excuses for game they should be the superior team.' b'' b'the call that pissed me off the most was anderson getting for putting his' b"stick in somebody's eye. that was _the_ most dangerous stick infraction i" b"have seen in a long time, and everybody in the damn league _knows_ he's an" b'asshole when it comes to stickwork. four lousy minutes. bullshit call.' b'murray should send the tape in. or a wing should hammer the living shit out' b'of him.' b'' b'--' 