b'' b'' b'read this all you canucks fan out there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!' b'winnipeg are going to kick vancouvers butts so badly they are not going to' b'be able to sit down for weeks.' b'and no this is not a joke.' b'a prediction before the fourth game in winnipeg:' b'' b'winnipeg vancouver b'selanne, steen score a couple of goals each!!!' b'' b'winnipeg to win stanley cup playoffs.' b'' b'' b'to all you jets fanatics...ha ha ha.' b'to normal jets fans...it was a pretty good fourth game. more physical' b"play than i've seen in the first three games." b'' b'these moronic posts that have continued throughout the year about how' b'the jets will cremeate the canucks and selanne will smash bure into the' b"boards is so full of *%it. why don't you take a cue fromm daryl and just" b"wait 'till its over before you make more of a fool of yourself???" b'' b"i'm not going to predict anything about the canucks. they are up and" b"are coming back home, but i'm not going swing any *%it around until the" b'series is wrapped up.' b'' b'tony' b'' b'bravo tony,' b'' b'i too am sick of all the mindless, fanatical, blind faith jets fans who could' b'prpbably predict the end of the world more accurately than the coutcome of a' b'playoff series.' b'' b'now i will admit that i am a mindless, fanatica, blind faith canucks fan.' b'but unlike those from winterpeg, i do not need to vent my spleen upon the' b'world as to how great my team is. i know, i have confidence in them, and' b"that's enough." b'' b'granted, the jets finished the season hot, and the canucks were having trouble,' b'but vancouver has built themselves a reputation for being a playoff team.' b'just ask any flames fan. they may not win every series, but they alway fight' b"to the end. i'll admit that last year was not great, but if they combine" b'the work ethic of the past with the new tallent of the present, they will' b'be tough to beat (note: i did not say they would pummel every team they meet' b'and destroy the greatest player playing today).' b'' b'now, like any canucks fan, i would love to see them take the cup. i feel' b'they have a good chance to make it out of the smythe, and a shot at' b"detroit (i can't see them losing to st. louis). if pittsburgh makes it to" b"the cup, i'd have to put my money on them (yes even if they're facing the" b"canucks). if buffalo, montreal, or quebec beat pittsburgh, i'd choose the" b'winner of vancuover and detroit to take the cup.' b'' b'oh, and one parting note for the jets fans: just how many times has' b"winnepeg made it to the finals? b'' b'go canucks' b'' b'greg' b'' b'devorski unfortunately helped to taint an otherwise brilliant display' b'by maclean. the canucks tied up the jets so tightly that i thought that' b'they were mailing them.' b'' b"btw, greg...next time, don't fall asleep in geography class, it's pretty" b'sad when a fellow in norway can spell winnipeg properly and a guy in' b"north america can't." b'' b'one more thing...how long has vancouver been in the nhl? how many' b'championships do they have?' b'' b'oh yeah...and i can go to the arena and see not one, not two, but' b'*six* championship banners hanging from the rafters. stanley cup' b'banners, and avco cup banners. my nhl guide says that vancouver has' b"won the cup once (as many times as the rockin' town of kenora has won it!)" b'' b'daryl turner r.s.h contact for the winnipeg jets' b'fidonet: -or- (please route through b'tkachuk over to zhamnov, up to sel{nne, he shoots, he scores!' b'the jets win the cup! the jets win the cup!' b'essensa for vezina! housley for norris! sel{nne for calder!' 