b'' b'okay, the caps again are about to break out the golf clubs but before they' b"do, does anyone have the history of the washington capitals' futility" b"record in the playoffs? i remember that terry's first year was the first" b'year that the caps finally made it to the third round but before under' b'brian, i noticed that every other year the caps got to the second round' b"and the years in between they didn't make it past the first round. is this" b'trend continuning?' b'this is not a trend. the caps were done. goneso in five games, and it saves' b'us caps fans a lot of pain.' b'' b'i mean, it would be more painful if the caps were up watching them' b'tumbled when they need one more win to clinch the series. how many times' b'have they done that in their history?' b'' b'1985 up in a five game series against the isles, lost straight' b'1987 up against the isles, lost straight' b'1992 up against the pens, lost straight' b'' b'in other words, when they were about to clinch with games to go, they' b'were a pitiful the lone wins being' b'' b'1) a sweep of philly in b'2) the win against the rangers in the patrick finals, the only time' b'they managed to get out of the division.' b'' b"actually, saturday's blown lead wasn't anything new. we all know the caps" b'are famous lead blowers in crucial playoff games. examples:' b'' b'1) game against the isles, led after two, lead series b'gave up goals in the 3rd period, including the game winning goal in the' b'last minute. after that goal, bobby carpenter botched a penalty shot.' b'series tied lost game a few days later.' b'' b'2) game against the rangers, led series led by in the 3rd' b'period, blew it. lost game in ot and three consecutive games.' b'' b'3) game against pittsurgh, led series led by in 2nd period.' b'blew it and the series.' b'' b'4) game against isles, series tied led by after blew it.' b'' b'5) game against isles, trailed series led by in 2nd period.' b'blew it again.' b'' b'when they were leading by in game i said to myself: "if they blew this' b'lead, the series is over". they have lost all the momemtum. the islanders' b'believe they can come back no matter what the score is.' b'' b'i am still waiting for a cap goalie who can carry the team, who can' b'completely shut down the opposition when they are hanging on their dear' b'lives in a crucial game.' b'' b'the admiral, a hopeless caps fan.' b'p.s. we still remember that ot loss to the islanders! aurggghhhhhhhhh!' b"well, some teams such have it and some teams just don't. when the caps" b'were frustrated year in year out by the islanders, i was thinking "wait' b'until potvin/bossy/trottier/smith retire". well, they retired (even though' b'trottier was still able to haunt the caps on a pens uniform), yet another' b'generation of islanders were still doing the same thing. well, i guess' b'it has nothing to do with the players.' b'' b'--' b'edward lor' b'' 