b'' b'' b"i don't think he's shown that he's good enough to carry detroit to the cup." b'the team may be good enough to reach the finals, but cheveldae is their' b'achilles heel. you *must* have goaltending in the playoffs, and' b'cheveldae looks like an overmatched 2nd or 3rd stringer (which he probably' b'' b" i guess i don't know of too many 2nd or 3rd string goalies that could post" b' over wins in a season. chevy has done that the past two seasons playing' b' behind a defense that is not exactly the best in the league. his wins' b' this year were not all against toronto and for those who look at vincent rien.' b' stats and think he should be starting, take a look at the teams he played' b' against (teams like san jose, ottawa, and tb) any nhl goalie could post a decent' b' record playing teams like that night in and night out.' b'' b'is). look for detroit management to remedy the situation in the offseason.' b'' b" i really don't see this happening. if they didn't think cheveldae could do the" b' job they would of traded for somebody this year, after all why wait until next' b' year when there were goalies available this year.' b'' b'hey, i may be wrong, but after watching him kick rebound after rebound into' b"the high slot, i don't think he can carry them in the tough games (i.e." b'those not against toronto).' b'' b' better to kick out rebounds than to let goals in.' b'' b'if st. louis gets past chicago, watch for joseph to carry the blues past' b'an otherwise vastly superior red wings club.' b'' b' joseph is hot, but so are the wings. they have scored six goals in both of' b' their games so far with toronto, supposively one of the leagues best defenses.' b" i guess if they end up playing for the norris title we'll see what happens." b'' b'' b'' b' dr.d [the devils advocate] "drinkin\' women guns don\'t mix..."' b'' b'' b' kcs' b'' b" wings in or hopefully by b'' b'' b'as far as cheveldae is concerned, he is a decent goalie. the most logical' b"trade in the offseason to me would be between detroit and ny rangers. i'm sure" b'if beezer would be traded he would enjoy the opportunity to go back to his' b'roots in detroit. he would be a valuable asset to the wings and perhaps the' b'rangers could get a zombo in return? beezer got a few good years in him and' b'the opportunity to get a fresh start would energize his play.' b'' 