b'' b'' b'' b'dear mr. bettman b'' b"(ali's letter deleted for brevity)" b'' b"[...] (roger's acid-laced response removed)" b'maybe we should get together and establish some kind of mandatory maturity' b'level to keep some of this stuff off of the air.' b'' b'roger,' b'your responses might just exclude you from sharing your opinions,' b'then. you see, the same rights ali has to mail her letter to the nhl' b'are the same ones that let you post replies that mow her down like' b'wheat at harvest-time. she never said she represented the entire' b'internet or the entire group rec.sport.hockey. she has every right to' b'state her opinion along with those of the fifty or sixty or' b"hundred-odd folk who've agreed to allow her to list their names on the" b"bottom of it. you may not agree with it. fine. i really don't care" b"enough about the name change to care. your name isn't attached to it," b'so why moan and complain? if you felt her words were leading, well,' b"you're free to feel that way and take exception, but manners never" b'hurt. i personally disagree and feel her generalizations were fine' b"(i have the right to think and say that, too). ali's under no" b"compunction to change a single word. now, while you're free to" b'disagree with every word she wrote, to tear apart her character is' b"uncalled for. i'm posting this as a form of public reprimand. if you" b"tear down ali's integrity and character publicly, you'll get chastised" b'publicly in return. would it have been so hard to say, "ali, please' b"be a bit more specific in your description, the way i've read it" b"indicates you're stating my view also, and that's simply not true." b"i'd really like to see a disclaimer noting that you don't mean the" b'entire internet or the entire r.s.h. group attached to it, despite' b'your intent to list names at the bottom. thanks. cordially as' b'always," &c. calling her a moron and an asshole just reduces the' b'weight of your words and the opinions of their author in the eyes of' b'myself, and possibly others.' b'' b'oh, and ali, nice to see someone standing up for something, even if' b"it's not something i personally advocate. b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'valerie hammerl \t john sr. would lift pat over the boards, grab' b'get that feeling, and the only way was to learn how to skate." p. lafontaine' 