b'' b": i hate to admit this, and i'm still mentally kicking myself for it." b': i rode the brand new k75rt home last friday night. miles in rain' b': and darkness. no problems. got it home and put it on the center stand.' b': the next day i pushed it off the center stand in preparation for going' b": over to a friend's house to pose. you guessed it. it got away from me" b': and landed on its right side.' b': scratched the lower fairing, cracked the right mirror, and cracked the' b': upper fairing.' b": *damn* am i stupid! it's going to cost me to get the local" b': body shop to fix it. and that is after i take the fairing off for them.' b": still, that's probably cheaper than the mirror alone if i bought a" b': replacement from bmw.' b'' b"you got off cheap. my sister's ex-boyfriend was such an incessant pain" b'in the ass about wanting to ride my bikes (no way, jose) that i' b"finally took him to lindner's bmw in new canaan, ct last fall where" b'i had seen a nice, used k100rs in perfect condition. after telling' b'everyone in the shop his norton war stories from fifteen years ago,' b'signing the liability waiver, and getting his pre-flight, off he went...' b'' b'well, not quite. i walked out of a pizza shop up the street,' b"feeling good about myself (made my sister's boyfriend happy and got" b'the persistent wanker off my ass for good), heard the horrendous' b'racket of an engine tortured to its red line and then a crash. i' b'saw people running towards the obvious source of the disturbance...' b'jeff laying under the bmw with the rear wheel spinning wildly and' b'someone groping for the kill switch. i stared in disbelief with' b'a slice hanging out of my mouth as matty, the shop manager, slid' b'up beside me and asked, "friend of yours, steve?". "shit, matty,' b'it could have been worse. that could been my flhs!"' b'' b"jeff hadn't made it inches. witnesses said he lifted his feet" b'before letting out the clutch and gravity got the best of him.' b"jeff claimed that the clutch didn't engage. matty was quick." b'while jeff was still stuttering in embarrassed shock he managed' b"to snatch jeff's credit card for a quick imprint and signature. twenty" b"minutes later, when jeff's color had paled to a flush, matty" b'presented him with an estimate of for a busted right mirror' b'and a hairline crack in the fairing. that was for fixing the crack' b'and masking the damaged area, not a new fairing. or he could buy the' b'bike.' b'' b"i'm not sure what happened later as my sister split up with jeff shortly" b'afterwards (to hook up with another piece of work) except that matty' b'told me he ran the charge through in december and that it went' b'uncontested.' b'' b'' b'--' b'manes and associates\t\t\t\t new york, ny, usa =o&o' b'' 