b'' b'' b'' b'bbbbbbbb mm mm ww ww' b'bb bb mm m m mm ww ww' b'b b mm m m mm ww w ww' b'bbbbbbbb mm m m mm ww w w ww' b'bb bb mm m mm ww w w ww' b'bb bb mm mm ww w w ww' b'bbbbbbbb mm mm ww ww' b'' b'press release' b'to:: all bmw riders' b'subject:: rally time is here' b'from:: bmw club of northern california' b'' b"bmw 49'er rally, may (u.s. memorial day weekend)" b"san francisco bay area 20th annual bmw 49'er rally, sponsored by" b'the bmw club of northern califronia, will be held at the quincy,' b'california fairgrounds, from may b'' b'included in the pre-registration fee, at gate, are star' b'camping, field events and trophies, two dinners, rally pin, door prizes,' b'poker run, vendor displays, fun run, english trials, and live music playing' b'throughout the weekend. plus extras like hot showers, tours, a concourse' b"d'elegance and more." b'' b"this is first time in the 49'er rally's 20-year history that the" b'event is being held in quincy. and according to pat gardner, rally chairman,' b'"the 49\'er rally\'s continuing growth and the need for a larger and more' b'complete facility led us to quincy. plus we can get there on either of our' b'two most favrite highways- highway which goes through the feather river' b"canyon, or up from the south via the northernmost part of the gold country's" b'highway b'' b'day passes will not be available and non-bmw rider must be a' b'pre-registered guest of a bmw rider.' b'' b'the quincy fairgrounds is located on california state highway b'two miles south of downtown quincy.' b'' b'for pre-registration forms and additional information, write doug' b'hubbard, bmw club of northern california, norman court, fremont, ca' b'94539, or telephone <us b'' b'additional notes::' b'this is a not for profit event and riders do get their monies worth.' b"whether you've ever attended a rally before or not this is the one" b'to make. the only problem has been that there are so' b'many activities that attendees have to choose one over another.' b'' b'quincy is a beautiful campground, lots of grass and little dust.' b"for folks who have been to previous 49'er rallies at mariposa," b'quincy has lots of space, all of it flat so room is not a problem.' b'there are buildings and such available if there is a change in the weather.' b'also the people of quincy are going all out to welcome us.' b'registration will begin on thursday. of course there are always early' b'arrivals who will show up monday or tuesday. the registration fee pays' b'for camping thursday through monday days). there will be a tour friday' b'with the main events beginning saturday. sunday evening will be the' b'awards ceremony.' b'' b'for members of the various clubs, club awards will be based on' b'registration declaration of affilitation. there will of course' b'be the usual awards for oldest male and female rider betting b'needed to win and youngest rider they get cheater permits at b'and greatest distance, one up two up and all the usual things.' 