b'' b'for those of you who are thinking about fiamms, you might also want to think' b'about airhorns. i just installed a set of bosch air horns ordered from' b"dennis kirk (pg. of the latest catalog) on my fj1100. they are rated" b'at 93db at meters. i installed them using gage wire from the battery to' b'the relay to the compressor to ground. my stock horn connectors fit the relay' b'pins just fine. i soldered the connections to the relay and compressor, and used' b'a crimp type battery connector and an inline 10amp fuse/connector from napa.' b'i installed the compressor just forward of the fuse box in the front' b'fairing by tie wrapping between the steering head frame and the black steel tube' b'frame used to support the front fairing. you have to remove the front fairing to' b'do this, but it fits outside of the frame but inside the fairing on the two' b'vertical supports just in front of the fuses. depending how tight your fairing' b'follows the frame, you should be able to fit it somewhere in the fairing.' b'the compressor is about in diameter and about long.' b'the relay mounted on the front of the steering head frame (it is small' b'so there should be plenty of good places for it.' b'i found a perfect place for the horns that required only tie wraps to' b'mount. the horns fit inside the front fairing/frame and stick out on either side' b'just in front of the air scoops, but behind the turn signals. the back of the' b'horns point back towards the center of the bike and come real close to where' b'the gas tank connects to the front part of the frame. there is just enough' b'room to the outside to allow full lock to lock clearance, and there are nice' b'cut outs in the frame for the back of the horn to go into.' b'the short horn is even with the fairing, and the long one sticks out' b'about an inch or so, but it is really not that noticable unless you look' b'closely. they end up pointing down slightly and maybe degrees from straight' b'ahead (perfect for those cagers trying to change lanes into you).' b'if you have any other questions about the mounting, email, and i can try' b'to explain better. if your bike is not red, then you may want to paint them' b'first.' b'how do they work you ask? they are very, very, very *loud*. they sound' b'more like a european sports car than a truck, but a vast improvement over stock.' b'i have used them at least daily since installing them, and the amp fuse has' b'not blown yet (although, the duration of the horn blasts have been short).' b"i've repeatedly scared the shit out of my friends with them, even though" b'they know that i have the horns, they still jump. they are perfect for keeping' b'the pedestrians on the sidewalk.' b'the bottom line is they work, are loud enough to cause pain and suffering to' b'those stupid lane changing cages (as well as take a few years off their lives)' b'and are relatively easy to install on the fj. ymmv.' b'' b'-tjk' b'\'85 fj1100 with "get out of my way" horns.' b'"that looks like a suit you\'d fight a fire in" -comment about the aerostich' 