b'' b'' b"no no no no!! all i am saying is that you don't even need to tell people the" b'technique of countersteering, cos they will do it intuitively the first' b'time they try to go round a corner.' b'' b"some will, and others will steer with their tuchuses. i don't know how much" b'the teaching of countersteering in the beginner course really helps the' b'tuchus steerers. i was one, i guess that i always steered a bicycle that way,' b'and i only got the hang of countersteering in normal riding *after* the course.' b'i could do the countersteering swerves in the course no problem, but i only' b'started using it in my normal riding when i decided that my turning at speed' b'(off-ramps and the like) was a lot more difficult that it should have been.' b"i knew how it works (although that's currently up for debate) definitely knew" b'*that* it works, as i could do it in swerves, but only figured it out later' b"in my normal riding. just a data point. i think that it's not a bad idea to" b"bring the idea up, but it's best to let everyone tuchus-steer for the first" b'lesson or two, so they can learn to shift gears before they have to worry' b'about proper handlebar technique.' b'' b'countersteering. in fact, my experienced rider course instructors' b'claimed that they could get on behind a new rider and make the bike' b'turn to whichever side they wanted just by shifting their weight' b'around, even when the operator was trying to turn in the opposite' b"direction. (i admit i've never actually seen this.)" b'' b'i have. in our beginner course we had passenger training. sometime during' b'the lesson the instructor would hop on the back of the bike, and the student' b'would take him for a ride. if the student did not give the instructor the' b'"you are a sack of potatoes" passenger speech, the instructor would steer' b'the bike and make a general nuisance of himself. it was amusing to watch,' b"i'm just happy that it didn't happen to me." b'' b"i've bike like jody levine dod kv" b'ride it toronto, ontario, canada' 