b'' b'' b'' b" having talked to a couple people about helmets dropping, i'm getting" b'about "don\'t sweat it", "you might think about replacing it" and the' b'other "don\'t ride with it! go without a helmet first!"' b'' b' is there any way to tell if a helmet is damaged structurally? i dropped it' b"about feet to cement off my seat, chipped the paint. didn't seem to" b'screw up the actual shell.' b'' b"i'd bet the price of the helmet that it's okay...from feet" b'or higher, maybe not.' b'' b" if i don't end up replacing it in the real near future, would i do better" b"to wear my (totally nondamaged) face dot-rated cheapie which doesn't fit" b'as well or keep out the wind as well, or wearing the shoei rf-200 which is a' b'lot more comfortable, keeps the wind out better, is quieter... but might' b'have some minor damage?' b'' b"i'd wear the full facer, but then, i'd be *way* more worried" b'about wind blast in the face, and inability to hear police' b'sirens, than the helmet being a little damaged.' b'' b'' b" also, what would you all reccomend as far as good helmets? i'm slightly" b'disappointed by how badly the shoei has scratched etc from not being' b'bloody careful about it, and how little impact it took to chip the paint' b'(and arguably mess it up, period)... looking at a really good full-face with' b'good venting wind protection... i like the shoei style, kinda like the' b"norton one i saw awhile back too... but suspect i'm going to have to get a" b"much more expensive helmet if i want to not replace it every time i'm not" b'being careful where i set it down.' b'' b'well, my next helmet will be, subject to it fitting well, an agv' b"sukhoi. that's just because i like the looks. my current one is" b"a shoei task5, and it's getting a little old, and i crashed in" b'it once a couple of years ago (no hard impact to head...my hip' b"took care of that.). if price was a consideration i'd get" b'a kiwi k21, i hear they are both good and cheap.' b'' b" christ, i don't treat my head as carefully as i treated the shoei as far as" b"tossing it down, and i don't have any bruises on it." b'' b"be *mildly* mildly paranoid about the helmet, but don't get" b'carried away. there are people on the net (like those you' b'mentioned) that do not consistently live on our planet...' b'' b'regards, charles' b'dod0.001' b'rz350' b'--' b'within the span of the last few weeks i have heard elements of' b'separate threads which, in that they have been conjoined in time,' b'struck together to form a new chord within my hollow and echoing' b'gourd. --unknown net.person' 