b'' b'i was posting to alt.locksmithing about the best methods for securing' b'a motorcycle. i got several responses referring to the cobra lock' b'(described below). has anyone come across a store carrying this lock' b'in the chicago area?' b'' b'it is available through some dealerships, who in turn have to back' b'order it from the manufacturer directly. each one is made to order, at least' b"if you get a nonstandard length (standard is i believe)." b'' b'any other feedback from someone who has used this?' b'' b'see below' b'' b'' b" incidentally, the best lock i've found for bikes is the cobra lock." b" it's a cable which is shrouded by an articulated, hardened steel sleeve." b' the lock itself is cylindrical and the locking pawl engages the joints' b' at the articulation points so the chain can be adjusted (like handcuffs).' b" you can't get any leverage on the lock to break it open and the cylinder" b" is well-protected. i wouldn't want to cut one of these without a torch" b' and/or a vice and heavy duty cutting wheel.' b'' b"i have a long cobralinks lock that i used to use for my harley (she" b"doesn't get out much anymore, so i don't use the lock that often anymore). it" b'is made of articulated steel shells covering seven strands of steel cable.' b'it is probably enough to stop all the joyriders, but, unfortunately,' b'professionals can open it rather easily:' b'' b'1) freeze a link.' b'' b'2) break frozen link with your favorite method (hammers work well).' b'' b'3) snip through the steel cables (which, i have on authority, are' b'frightfully thin) with a set of boltcutters.' b'' b'for the same money, you can get a kryptonite cable lock, which is' b'anywhere from to thick steel cable (looks like steel rope), shielded' b"in a flexible covering to protect your bike's finish, and has a barrel-type" b"locking mechanism. i don't know if it's adjustable, but my source says it's" b'more difficult to pick than most locks, and the cable tends to squish flat' b'in bolt-cutter jaws rather than shear model).' b'' b'all bets are off if the thief has a die grinder with a cutoff wheel.' b'even the most durable locks tested yield to this tool in less than one minute.' b'' b"fyi, i'll be getting a krypto cable next paycheck." b'' b'later,' b'--' b"chris behanna\tdod# h-d fxwg wide glide jubilee's red lady" b'disclaimer: now why would nec\t zx-11 needs a name' b'agree with any of this anyway? i was raised by a pack of wild corn dogs.' 