b'' b'<...\t<...' b"this person is lbs. and fairly small, so i don't see weight as too much" b'of a problem, but what sort of of advice should i give her before we go?' b'i want her to hold onto me rather than the grab rail out back, and' b"i've heard that she should look over my shoulder in the direction we're" b'turning so she leans *with* me, but what else? are there traditional' b'signals for slow down!! or go faster!! or i hafta go pee!! etc.???' b'' b"i've never liked my passengers to try and shift their weight with the" b'turns at all... i find the weight shift can be very sudden and' b"unnerving. it's one thing if they're just getting comfortable or" b"decide to look over your other shoulder, but i don't recommend having" b'him/her shift her weight with each turn... too violent.' b'' b'also (i think someone already said this) make sure your passenger' b'wears good gear. i sometimes choose to ride without a helmet or' b'lacking other safety gear (depends on how squidly i feel) but i' b"won't let passengers do it. what i do to myself i can handle, but" b"i wouldn't want to hurt anyone else, so i don't let them on without" b'gloves, jacket, (at least) jeans, heavy boots, and a helmet that *fits*' b'' b'i really want this to be a positive experience for us both, mainly so that' b"she'll want to go with me again, so any help will be appreciated..." b'' b"go *real* easy. it's amazing how solid a grip you have on the" b"handle bars that your passenger does not. don't make her feel like" b'she\'s going to slide off the back, and "snappy" turns for you are' b'sickening lurches for her. in general, it feels much less controlled' b"and smooth as a passenger. i can't stand being on the back of my" b"brother's bike, and i ride aggressively when i ride and i know he's" b"a good pilot... still, everything feels very unsteady when you're" b'a passenger.' b'' b'' b'thanks,' b' -bob-' b'' b'show off by not showing off the first time out...' b'' b'-------' b'"this is where i wanna sit and buy you a drink someday." temple of the dog' b"'79 yamaha xs750f bmw r100s toyota 4runner nyc, ny. 