b'' b'sixteen days i had put off test driving the honda st1100. finally,' b'the 17th was a saturday without much rain. in fact it cleared up,' b'became warm and sunny, and the wind died. about three weeks ago, i' b'took a long cool ride on the hawk down to cycles! for a test ride.' b'they had sold, and delivered, the demo st1100 about fifteen hours' b'before i arrived. and the demo vfr was bike-locked in the showroom b'surrounded by other bikes, and not likely to move soon.' b'' b'today was different. there were even more bikes. used dirt bikes,' b'50 used street bikes, cars, and a big tent full of outlandishly fat' b'touring bikes with trailers were all squeezed in the parking lot.' b'some sort of fat bike convention. shelly and dave were running one' b'msf course each, at the same time. one in the classroom and one on' b'the back lot. plus, there was the usuall free cookout food that' b'cycles! gives away every weekend in the summer. hmmm, it seemed like' b'a big moto party.' b'' b'after about ten minutes of looking for rob c, cheif of sales slime,' b'and another minutes reading and signing a long disclosure/libility/' b'pray-to-god form i helped jt push the st out into the mess in the' b'parking lot. we went over the the controls, i put the tank bag from' b'the hawk into the right saddlebag, and my wife put everything else' b'into the left saddlebag. thats nice.... having helped push the' b'st out to the lot, i thought it best to have jt move it to the edge of' b'the road, away from the bikes and people. he rode it like a' b"bicycle! 'it cant be that heavy' i thought." b'' b'well i was wrong. as i sat on the st, both feet down, all i could' b'think was "big". then i put one foot up. "heavy" came to mind very' b'quickly. with cindy on the back was she on the back? hard to' b'tell with seat three times as large as a hawk seat the bike seemed' b'nearly out of control just idling on the side of the road.' b'' b'by rpm in second gear, all the weight seemed to dissappear. even' b'on bike with miles on the odometer, slippery new tires, and pads that' b'did not yet bite the disks, things seems smooth and sure. cycles! is' b'on a section of that few folks ever ride. about miles north' b'of the computer concentration, about five miles north of where i95' b'splits away, is a lighly travelled, two lane limited access' b'highway. it goes through heavily forested sections of hamilton,' b'manchester-by-the-sea and newbury on its way to gloucester.' b'on its way there, it meets a road that winds from the sea about' b'30 miles inland to andover. on its way it goes through many' b'thoroughly new england spots. perfect, if slow, sport touring sections.' b'' b'cindy has no difficulty with speed. 3rd gear, 4th gear, purring along' b'in top gear. this thing has less low rpm grunt that my hawk. lane' b'changes were a new experience. a big heft is required to move this' b'thing. responds well though. no wallowing or complaint. behind the' b'fairing it was fairly quiet, but the helmet buffeting was' b'non-trivial. top gear car passing at 85mph was nearly effortless.' b'smooth, smooth, smooth. not sure what the v4 sound reminds me of,' b'but it is pleasant. if only the bars were not transmitting an endless' b'buzz.' b'' b'the jump on to caused me to be less than impressed with the' b'brakes. its a down hill, reversing camber, twice-reversing radius,' b'decreasing radius turn. a real squeeze is needed on the front binder.' b'the section of we were on was tight, but too urban. the st works ok' b'in this section, but it shows its weight. we went by the clam shack' b'oft featured in "spencer for hire" a place where you could really' b'find "spencer", his house was about miles down after putting' b'through traffic for a while, we turned and went back to b'' b"about half way through the onramp, i yanked cindy's wrist, our singal" b'for "hold on tight". head check left, time to find redline. second' b'gear gives a good shove. third too. fourth sees dod speed with a' b'short shift into top. on the way to we saw no cops and very light' b'traffic. did not cross into dod zone because the bike was too new.' b'well, now it had miles on it, so it was ok. tried some high effort' b'lane changes, some wide sweeping turns. time to wick it up? i went' b'until the buffeting was threating to pull us off the seat. and stayed' b'there. when i was comfortable with the wind and the steering,' b'i looked down to find an indicated 135mph. not bad for 2-up touring.' b'' b'beverly comes fast at more than twice the posted limit. at the "get' b'off in a mile" sign, i rolled off the throttle and coasted. i wanted' b'to re-adjust to the coming slowness. it was a good idea: there were' b'several manhole-sized patches of sand on the exit ramp. back to the' b'slow and heavy behavior. cycles! is about a mile from i could' b'see even more cars stacked up outside right when i got off. i managed' b'to thread the st through the cars to the edge of the concrete pad' b'out front. heavy. it took way too much effort for cindy and i to put' b'the thing on the center stand. i am sure that if i used the side' b'stand the st would have been on its side within a minute.' b'' b'' b'my demo opinion? heavy. put it on a diet. smooth, comfortable,' b"hardly notices the dod speed. i'd buy on for about less than" b'list, just like it is. too much for the bike as it is.' b'--' b'frank evan perdicaro \t\t\t\txyvision color systems' b'legalize guns, drugs and cash...today.\t\t101 edgewater drive' 