b'' b'i need some advice on having someone ride pillion with me on my ninja.' b"this will be the the first time i've taken anyone for an extended ride" b"(read: farther than around the block we'll be riding some twisty," b'fairly bumpy roads (the mines road-mt.hamilton loop for you sf bay areans).' b'' b'communication: work out your own system. or just slow down and holler' b'back every once in a while. at reasonable speeds, even on my under-muffled' b"magna, we can hear each other. it's only above, say, mph that you" b"can't really communicate." b'' b'balance: new passengers are a real pain, because you never know how' b"they're going to react to steering. some people catch on immediately" b'and lean with me. others are completely skittish about the leaning' b'thing, and keep their bodies perpendicular to the horizon. this is a' b'pain while turning, but manageable. the worst are the passengers who stay' b'perpendicular to the horizon, then remember in the middle of a turn' b"and whip around until they're in the `correct' position. this always" b"screws up the line i've picked out." b'' b"here's my personal checklist of things to tell passengers:" b'- attire: helmet, long pants, boots/heavy shoes, jacket.' b'- keep feet on pegs at all times, unless i say otherwise. do not' b"get on/off unless i say you can. (i've had people try to dismount" b"in traffic, just as i'm pulling in to a parking space!)" b"- muffler gets hot! ('nuff said)" b"- we get *good* traction. we're not going to fall over. (many" b'first-time riders are surprised by how tightly you can turn!)' b"- turn dynamics: sit so that you feel like you're sitting upright and" b"we're going straight. trust your butt, not your eyes if you're" b'confused, close your eyes for a couple of turns to get the feel' b'of it. or just hug me tight.' b'- please, no sudden moves shift your weight as desired, but be' b'gradual, so i can compensate.' b'- your faceplate is yours to open/close as desired.' b'- trust is essential. trust the driver (me) to do the right' b"thing i've driven many miles on this thing, and know how" b'to operate it. enjoy the ride. (this is important to' b'stress. for example, one of my first-time passwngers seemed to' b'watch the speedo like a hawk: i drove her to the beach down b'and whever we topped mph, she\'d holler, "slow down! i\'m scared"' b'i humored her for a while, then simply covered the speedometer with' b'the spare piece of duct tape i keep stuck to the top of the cluster.' b'problem solved: she watched the scenery instead of the' b'instruments, and had a much better time. based on her' b'experience driving a lincoln continental, she was unwilling to' b'trust my ability to choose a safe speed for the bike.)' b'' b"usually i'll point out the controls, engine, transmission, brakes," b'tires, etc. and discuss motorcycle physics a bit too for first-timers.' b'helps calm their nerves, and gives the bike a chance to warm up.' b'' b'watch out for gravel on the mt. hamilton road: there were lots of little' b'mudslides after the last big rain; by now, many of the blind corners will' b'be nicely covered with a carpet of little, round, nearly invisible stones.' b"it doesn't help build trust when you slide out on a blind corner, on the" b'first trip!' b'' b'good luck have fun!' b'--' b"don't drink soap! dilute dilute! ok!" 