b'' b"i know there's already a bmw mailing list, but since it's an r bike" b'only list (and limited to the r80* r100* bikes as well i believe)' b"i've decided to give this a go and see how much interest there is." b'please read all of this post if you plan on subscribing to the list!' b'' b'there is only one restriction for the discussion on this list, that it' b"be about bmw's. i don't care which bmw, any and all are welcome. i will" b'probably post articles that appear in the local bmw club newsletter, and' b'would incourage other club members to do the same, especially tech' b'articles.' b'' b'to subscribe to the list, send a message to the list address:' b'' b'' b'with the word subscribe (in caps) in the *subject* of the message. having' b'the word subscribe in the *subject* is the _only_ way to subscribe. if you' b'put the keyword in the message body, your message will go out to everyone' b'on the list and you will be ridiculed beyond belief.' b'' b'' b'if you would like to use a return address _other_ than what is contained' b'' b"original full name in ()'s is preserved, but the return address is" b'allows you to simply reply to a message to keep it on the list (depending' b"on your mail interface natch. i use elm so that's what i wrote it for b'keep this in mind when you reply to a message and question the authors' b'parentage.' b'' b'to remove your name from the list, send a message to the list address' b'with the word unsubscribe (in caps) in the *subject* of the message.' b'having the word unsubscribe in the *subject* is the _only_ way to remove' b'your name from the list. if you put the keyword in the message body,' b'your message will go out to everyone on the list and you will be ridiculed' b'beyond belief.' b'' b'the list is run from my home system, a poor little box running a' b'very old version of something that smells somewhat like unix. the mta' b"isn't the smartest around, but i've managed to hack it up enough to make" b'a decent list mta. additions and removals are handled automatically by' b'scripts that intercept messages based on the subject (see below) and' b'may occassionally goof. the sw will send a response message back when you' b'subscribe. if you do not receive a response within a reasonable amount' b'of time (my link is via uucp and sometimes runs in spurts), send me a' b'' b'if the list turns out to be too popular and the mta groks over the number' b"of addresses, i'll have to freeze the list recipients until i can come up" b'with a better mta.' b'' b'good luck...' b'' b'--' 