b'' b'writes:' b'greetings rec.motorcyclists.' b'' b'coming up labour day weekend this year, worldcon (world science fiction' b'convention) will be held in san francisco (california). i am planning' b'to attend and have been speculating on doing my trip there by motorcycle' b'instead of by plane (as was my initial thought.)' b'' b'i live (and would be departing from) ottawa, ontario (canada).' b'' b'i had planned to take two weeks for this trip, giving me days travel' b'time on either side of the weekend.' b'' b'this looks like a distance of about miles km).' b'' b'if your distance calc is correct for an "on the road distance" (and not' b'as the crow flies), this is 900km a day for days. if you spend the' b"entire time on interstates, which would be a total waste of time, that's" b'at least hours on the road every day not including eating/peeing/' b'sight-seeing etc.' b'' b'i was contemplating a similar trip, but from ottawa to la, or' b'maybe ottawa to austin tx.' b'' b"i figured if i wanna do a trip of this magnitude and enjoy it, i'd" b'have to get my ass off the major interstates and spend lots of' b'time enjoying the country around me; i.e. stopping with a camera,' b'meeting towns-people, going to a few bars. no sense spending weeks' b'looking out a helmet with the closest human contact found at the gas' b'pump.' b'' b"i estimated i'd need at least weeks to make the trip worthwhile." b'' b'i am looking for input, opinions, comments, or snarky remarks on:' b'1. my sanity.' b'' b'in question b'' b'2. suggested routes. (note, getting there is important, and my' b" schedule doesn't leave a lot of room for side trips, or circuitous" b' routes)' b'' b'try and stay off the interstates!!!' b'' b'5. anybody who wants to join me on this trip. (for even part of the' b' distance.)' b'' b'depending on your route and my plans, i may be heading that way as far' b'as at least detroit.' b'' b'7. anything that comes to mind, and that you think might be relevant.' b'' b'' b"call the whithorse pess. they're a book distributer catering to" b'motorcyclists. they have a large number of books highlighting' b'the best roads for motorcyclists along the general route' b"you're looking at. they carry listings of bed and breakfasts" b'all through the states which accept motorcyclists. order their free' b"catalog and within you'll probably find books covering absolutely" b"all you needs for this trip. their #'s in the motorcyclist and/or" b'cycle world classifieds.' b'' b'thanks for any input.' b'' b'kawasaki concours dod# b'' b'o.k.' b'' b'dave d.f.' b'"it\'s true they say that money talks. when mine spoke it said' b'\'buy me a drink!\'."' 