b'' b'' b' [bdc driver nearly rams back of innocent biker...]' b'' b' i understand why you theoretically stop so far behind a car but can you' b' really in actuality avoid such an incident? suggestions?' b'' b"glad to hear that the bozo managed to stop. i've only been riding for" b'about two years, but here are my rules for traffic light survival:' b'' b'- i try to *never* stop just over a hill behind a car. if i have' b'to stop in such a location, i pull almost completely next to the' b"car in front of me. if i'm the only one (ie no car in front), i" b'turn the bike somewhat sideways across the lane, to increase my' b'visibility to any oncoming vehicle. make sure to keep your' b'taillight visible to traffic, though. (note: my bike is bright' b'white; turning sideways on a black bike might not be as beneficial.)' b'' b'- on a flat road, i stop with a bit of room ahead of me (usually' b'about two or three bike lengths). this will (hopefully) give' b'me room to pull forward and to the side as a car approaches.' b'' b'- if you are the last in a line of vehicles, watch your mirrors' b"*constantly!* if you see a vehicle approaching, and can't see" b'any evidence to indicate that he/she is slowing down, get out' b'of the way *now!*' b'' b"- flicker your brake light. if i'm the last vehicle in line, i" b'will pull and release the brake as a car approaches from' b'behind (noticed the car by watching my mirrors, of course b'i vary the speed of the flicker, hoping to make the cager notice' b"that there's something in the lane ahead of him." b'' b"now, with all that said, it's the situation where you are first in line" b"that i feel most defenseless. if you're first in line, your forward escape" b'route is seriously limited you can only move forward to the extent that' b"you don't enter the intersection. i leave some room behind the stop line" b"next to the stop line!), and watch the mirrors. i *think* i've decided" b'that hopping off the bike might be the best way out of this situation.' b'any other ideas for being first in line with no traffic directly behind' b'you?' b'' b'-rob.' b'' b'--' b'rob griffiths erasure.shonalaing.wildswans.b52s.u2.judybats.rem.smiths' 