b'' b'' b'in light of the last letter i posted from jeff brody concering the crap' b'that is going on in the moa, (which some folks took not as dissemination' b'of information that i received, but as my own bad mouthing) i thought that' b'i would post this one, which came to me yesterday. this is from board member' b'robert higdon to moa pres chich morse. this is not my words, o.k. guys?' b'' b'april b'' b"re: cecil king's nominating statement" b'' b'dear chick:' b'we have a very serious problem with the election for president of the' b"moa this year. cecil king's nominating statement (as it appeared in the" b'owners news) is words, nearly twice as many as that is permitted by' b'the by-laws. in pertinent part, the rules state:' b'' b'"each candidate\'s biography and position statement shall be limited to' b'a combined total of no more than words. the nominating committe shall cut afafter the 500th word any biography and position statement exceeding this length.' b'' b"obviously the nominationg committe was not up to the task. had cecil's" b'statement been cut as required, it would have concluded approximately with' b'the word "undertiding" [sic] in the second paragraph after the commencement' b'of his position statement. as a result, cecil has obtained what i view as a' b'grossly unfair advantage over the other candidates for president. this does' b'not just taint the election for that office; it makes a mockery of the' b'process. i would appreciate your advising the board immediately what steps' b'you intend to take to rectify this caricature of a fair election.' b'parenthetically, in your private correspondence with others, i would' b'be most appreciative that when tou call me an "asshole" you remind the' b"letter's recipient that the re-publication of such a comment is almost" b'guaranteed to have woeful consequences.' b'with kind regards, i remain,' b'robert higdon' b'' b"o.k. moa'ers, you read it, think for yourself, i trust you do know who" b'cecil king is, and that he was editor befor don douglass, and he is' b'a pres. candidate. i let you draw your own conclusions.' b'regards,' b'craig vechorik' b'bmw moa ambassador b'bmw vintage bulletin tech editor' b'dod b'"real bmw\'s have two wheels" politically correct statement' b'' 