b'' b'[sorry, had to take out tx.motorcycles because' b'my news server rejected it. hesh]' b': it would be a shame to split boxer riders between different lists' b": unless, of course, the existing list failed to meet the readers'" b': needs.' b'you presumed you needed to "split" out a gs list.' b'by implication of your "split", a plain ol\' bmw' b"list wouldn't meet the gs riders' needs." b'' b'good point. the "list" actually started out as an extension of my gs' b'v. fj shootout list, which is why it got that name. since inception,' b'however, other boxer-interested folks have joined and the conversation' b'has not always been "geared" to gs/pd/st-specific topics.' b'' b'for the sake of not forcing the split issue,' b'how about changing the charter and renaming' b'your list from bmw-gs to just bmw? would that' b'make everybody happy?' b'' b'when i raised the "to expand or not to expand/that is the question"' b'question on the list itself, there were mixed feelings. the list has' b'always been open to anyone with a non-bouncing "from:" line and there' b'has been general agreement that only boxer-related stuff is' b'appropriate. almost all of the subscribers own r80/r100 gs/st/pd' b'bikes, although some r, rt and rs owners are also on it.' b'' b'at this point, my main interest for the list is to preserve the peace' b'and comraderie while at the same time providing as wide access as' b'possible. the list is fairly technical, with "how do i do this?",' b'"what kind of that should i get?" kinds of questions. there has yet' b'to be any non-bmw bashing, k bike bashing, or "any bmw mfg\'d after' b'1962 is a piece of shit" bashing. such posts are, by consent of the' b'governed, proscribed.' b'' b'if the simple name change would make a significant difference to the' b'net.boxer.owners, then i am not going to stand in the way of progress.' b'' b'so, hesh, let me turn the question around: have you (or has anyone' b'else) not joined the list because you felt your boxer was excluded?' b'--' b'-- bob pasker' b'--' 