b'' b'' b'' b' i just got back from the 11th annual southern california harley dealers' b'association run to the colorado river city of lauglin, nevada.' b'' b"why is it that some people can't enjoy themselves without being assholes?" b'' b'if you want to be treated with respect, you need to treat others, their' b'property, and their towns with respect.' b'' b'several years ago, i was at the annual fly-in of the experimental aircraft' b'association (eaa) near oshkosh, wisconsin. although approximately b'people were in attendance, there was not a piece of litter anywhere. everyone' b'was considerate enough to place their trash where it belonged.' b'' b"there's no problem in having fun, raising hell, etc. but consideration" b'and respect for others is critical; we need to work with each other, not' b'against.' b'' b'nudity, fine...loud noise, fine...party all night, fine... but at the right' b"place and time. please, let's not trample over other's rights and then bitch" b"because they don't treat us like gods." b'' b'michael menard' b'' b"you know, i wasn't even going to respond to this typical anti-party" b'attitude message. trash was everywhere reason? not enough dipsy' b"dumpsters for the massive crowd. oatman wasn't prepared for the vast" b'number of people that showed up.' b"btw michael, oatman is the right place time. it's called a run! maybe" b'you didn\'t read my comment that "they loved us" and i\'m talking about the' b"merchants and townspeople. the merchants that didn't want us their shops" b'were closed.' b'maybe i should have mentioned that when i left the trash was being' b'picked up (aluminum sells) by a crew assigned to the task.' b'i think the bottom line here is do they want us back they do!' b"this 'action' that went on at oatman is typical on a predominatly harley" b"run. it's innocent fun." b'so since i enjoy typical harley fun at runs in your eyes that makes me' b"an asshole. i've already admitted i'm an asshole many times on the net." b'all my friends are assholes too (lyrics to a new song?). so, you want a' b'dime to call someone that cares?' b'it appears we have a difference of opinion. maybe you should look at the' b'big picture before you pass judgement on others. 11th annual. that should' b'tell you something.' b'lynn hall nos bros' b'' 