b'' b'' b'' b'allowed (yes, there is a god). no open containers on the street was the' b'signs in the bars. yeah, right! the or so cops on hand for the couple of' b'thousand of bikers in a block main street were not citing anyone. the' b'street was filled with empty cans at least feet deep in the gutter. the' b"crowd was raisin' hell tittie shows everywhere. can you say party?" b'' b'' b'and still we wonder why they stereotype us...' b'' b'-erc.' b'' b" whacha mean 'we'...ifin they (whom ever 'they' are) want to stereotype me" b'as one that likes to drink beer and watch lovely ladies display their' b'beautiful bodies i like that stereotype.' b" if you were refering 'stereotype' to infer a negative you noticed we" b"didn't rape, pillage, or burn down the town. we also left mucho bucks as in" b'money with the town. me thinks the town likes us. least they said so.' b' lynn hall nos bros' b'' b'' b"they bein' themfolk who tend to compose fair piece of the population;" b'bein the ones that regard bikers as a loud, irresponsible, irreverent,' b'reprobate rabble.' b"sure you didn't rape and pillage-- it's a relief to know that you were" b'such gentlemen-- but because you were not completely out-of-hand you' b'justify your lesser indescretions? some pretty distorted thinking, i' b'should say.' b"oh-- i'm sorry, i just noticed that you left mucho bucks (as in money)..." b'nevermind my criticism, i was out of line. i forgot that when one leaves' b'mucho bucks (as in money) their behavior is permissable, perhaps even' b'justified.' b'' b'a biker gets killed, when *their* elected officials institute further' b"draconian legislation (helmet laws, gun controls, etc.), the ones that don't" b'respect our rights on the roads because we do not respect theirs all "the' b'rest of the time..."' b'need i continue?' b'' b'so continue to wear your stigma as a badge, but the next time you are' b'whining about "them" and the effect of their values on yours, remember' b'that it was probably the behavior of self-righteous wusses like myself' b'that kept "them" at bay for this long.' b'' b'enjoy,' b'' b'' b'-erc. dod# 