b'' b'%' b'% request for opinions:' b'%' b'% which is better a one-piece aerostitch or a two-piece aerostitch?' b'%' b'' b'' b'like most everyone else, i ended up getting two different sizes for' b'the top and bottom. my top is a 46l and the bottom is a 48l. for the' b'bottom, the waist is far too large, but the thighs fit just right (the' b'46 had a better waist, but cut off the circulation in my legs, i have' b"large, muscular thighs, and no, i didn't use the thighmaster to get" b'them the jacket fits me ok in the chest, slightly snug at the' b"waist, and too small in the arms. i can't imagine finding a one-piece" b"size that would have fit correctly, as even the piece has it's" b'problems (strange, since my v-pilot jacket fits great all over, and' b'when i tried the matching pants, they fit like a glove as well).' b'' b'i can only assume the models aero design uses to design its suits are' b'in some way different from us real folks.' b'' b"also, even though it's related to convienience, you look pretty damn" b'wierd walking around with the tops and bottoms while running errands.' b"i've gotten some really suspicious looks, and sweated a lot while in a" b"store wearing the whole suit, since you can't fit the top and bottom" b'in any motorcycle storage device yet devised (except the trunk in my' b'sidecar rig with the two piece, i unzip the pants (i generally' b'leave the two pieces zipped together, primarily because the pants fall' b'down unless i pull the cheesy elastic belt-type band real tight),' b'stuff them in one of my spacious bmw saddlebags (the pants just fit),' b"and run errands just wearing the jacket. actually, if i know i'll be" b"running errands, i just wear my v-pilot jacket, but that's just me..." b'' b"as far as crash protection, i'd say that both suits are probably" b'equal. it seems that for weather protection, if anything the piece' b'provides a little more because of the jacket overlapping the pants by' b'3 inches. the piece is probably a little less comfortable around' b'the waist, just because of the extra layer of stuff, but maybe not.' b'' b"so i'd have to vote for the two piece. despite the slightly odd fit," b'i still find the suit the most versatile piece of riding clothing i' b"own. wouldn't go long distance without it." b'' b'--' 