b'' b'' b'some potentially cool story stuff here... do share the details.' b'' b'how to get a verbal warning for in a b'' b"it's simple. first, it has to be the first really nice riding day" b'of spring. the bike is back together again, and so are you. grab' b'all your gear, put it on, and fill the tank with octane premium' b'or better. head out.' b'' b'in ames, there is a road that leads to the little town of' b'gilbert. gilbert has one stop light, if that tells you something.' b"having just gotten the bike back together, i thought i'd take it" b'for a short ride and check things out. heading out of town, i' b'went into the twisties at a slow pace, just under the speed limit,' b'and started leaning around. the pace quickened as everything felt' b'just right. finally, the road straightened and i was ready for a' b'bit of speed. grab third gear, open her up. at roughly 90mph' b'grab fourth gear. look at as much of the bike as you can, and fail' b'to notice a state trooper following a quarter mile behind. twist' b'the throttle like a fool, grab fifth gear at or so, and see' b"just how well she's been put back together." b'' b'at (according to radar) i noticed the front fender was' b'flexing a bit. thus, i slowed, pulled off the road, removed my' b'helmet and gloves, unslung the took kit i was carrying in a fanny' b'pack, and was just starting to tighten that fender when the trooper' b'pulled in all hot and flustered.' b'' b'"have you *any* idea how fast you were going?"' b'"not precisely, no. i was paying attention to the bike and road,' b'not the instruments. i just got her back together last night, and' b'i\'m just out here testing her out before i ride it in traffic."' b'"my radar says you were at over 145mph. care to tell me why' b'i shouldn\'t give you a ticket?"' b'"because i was testing the motorcycle away from population and' b'traffic, on a strait and flat road, while wearing all the protective' b'gear that safety demands?" (note: i wasn\'t quite that eloquent)' b'"say, what kind of bike is that, anyway?"' b'<i was eloquent on my cafe racer replica honda a rat bike' b'"yeah, i haven\'t had my bike out of the garage in years."' b'<compare riding stories' b'<pack toolkit, having tightened that fender' b'"so why were you out here?"' b'"i figure every other idiot on the road is going to look right through' b"me. if the bike fails somehow in a 35mph zone, i'm dead. if it holds" b'up out here, then i know it will work right in traffic. i do this' b'evvery year when i rebuild her."' b'"not any more. you\'ll find a better place than *my* highway' b'to do those speeds. if i *ever* catch you speeding on my highway' b"again i'm going to nail you for everything i possibly can. now get" b'out of my sight before i write you a ticket."' b'"yes, officer."' b'"and kid, keep your eyes open out there..." <drives off' b'' b'and that, in a nut-shell, is how to get a warning for in a b"i don't guarantee that it will work for you, but it worked for me." b'' b"< isu only censors what i read, not what i say. don't blame them. b'< usenet: post to exotic, distant machines. meet exciting, b'< unusual people. and flame them. 