b'' b'' b'yep, it works like a charm. i had the same problem after about years' b'of constant use, and i was thinking of seeing how much eclipse would' b'want to install a new zipper. but someone (i think it was chuck karish)' b'suggested i try that trick. it took a couple of tries to get the right' b"amount of squish, but it's been fine for about years since i squished" b'it. it should work for any of the nylon-coil type zippers.' b'' b'otoh-' b'i tried this on my hg concord jacket thursday night. really, i just' b'made a tiny-adjustment type of squeeze. really.' b'' b'is (was? your hg zipper the nylon-coil type or the kind with' b"molded plastic teeth? i've only tried it on the coiled nylon type, and" b"it doesn't take much squish to fix the problem. i found i was overdoing" b'it (no broken parts, but the zipper was too hard to pull) so after' b'spreading the zipper pull jaws again, i tried with vice-grips. no, not' b'the usual grip of death technique, i adjusted the closed vice-grips so' b'they were snug on the zipper jaws, then released them and tightened the' b'adjusting screw a bit. a couple of iterations and i had just the right' b'amount of zipper squish (tm).' b'' b'result: i now know that noplace in spokane will even _consider_ trying' b'to repair a broken zipper-closer-thingy, which must be a part' b'which needs a tool to install.' b'' b"i've had two zipper pulls fail on my aerostich suit (actually on the" b'accessory ellipse), and they sent me a few replacement pulls free of' b"charge. i don't know what brand of zippers hg uses, but parts are" b"available for ykk's plastic zippers. replacement was pretty simple, just" b'break and remove the plastic knob at the top of the zipper that keeps' b'the pull from coming off the top end. slide on the new zipper pull. then' b'crimp on (vice-grips again!) a replacement zipper stop.' b'' b'you might try fabric stores such and see if they sell replacement' b'parts.' b'' b"oh, for what it's worth, the coil-type zippers on the eclipse tankbag" b'are also ykk.' b'--' 