b'' b'' b" this tactic depends for its effectiveness on the dog's conformance to" b' a "psychological norm" that may not actually apply to a particular dog.' b" i've tried it with some success before, but it won't work on a charlie manson" b" dog or one that's really, *really* stupid. a large irish setter taught me" b" this in *my* yard (apparently his territory) one day. i'm sure he was playing" b' a game with me. the game was probably "kill the very angry neighbor" before' b' he can dispense the terrible punishment.' b'' b" what, a dog weighs 150lb maybe, at max? you can't handle it?" b'' b'we were having a problem with instability in the universal gravitational' b'constant that day: the closer i got to those exposed fangs (still dripping,' b'no doubt, with the viscera of the last foolhardy experimenter cum canine' b'psychology) the bigger and heavier the dog appeared to become. also,' b'recall that the distribution of the ~150lb is one five pound jaw+teeth' b'operated by two 70lb muscles driven by a ounce brain possessing an' b'instinctual heuristic composed of equal parts of bloodlust and ravening hunger.' b'the other lb is, of course, dog poop, but that varies all over the place' b'as the dog deposits it regularly on the painstakingly manicured and tended' b"lawns of the dog's owner's neighbors (whilst continuously replenishing its" b'inexhaustible supply, no doubt by consuming the likes of folks like me).' b'' b" you have, i presume, thumbs? grapple with it and tear it's head" b' off!' b'' b'my very thought at the time, but as i looked down at these once formidable' b'instruments of mayhem, i realized they had become weak and atrophied by too' b'many sedentary hours tapping away at my ergonomically-correct crt keyboard.' b'there was only one option left: i reached down to the toolbox near my' b'car and grasped my craftsman ft-lb torque wrench, surely the bludgeon' b'of dire necessity if ever there was one. to my amazement and' b'confusion, the setter started shaking and rolling on the grass, then leapt' b'to its feet and vanished down the street, still quivering and occasionally' b'looking back at me.' b'' b'"seven at one blow!" i exclaimed, flexing my new-found biceps and brandishing' b'my terrible weapon of invincibility as i stalked the now-secure environs' b'of my domicile. it was only later that i found out what the dog apparently' b'knew all along: the wrench was defective, would no longer measure torque' b"accurately, and sears wouldn't fix it or replace it. what i had interpreted" b'as fear and subservience were in fact unmitigated hilarity and contempt.' b'' b' sheesh, even a trained attack dog is no match for a human,' b' we have *all* the advantages.' b'' b'exactly: nobody can look quite as silly as we can.' b'' b':-)' b'chuck rogers' 