b'' b'' b' in my opinion, a programming degree is still worth having.' b'' b' yes, but a cs degree is *not* a programming degree. does anybody know of' b'a computing course where *programming* is taught computer science is' b'a branch of maths (or the course i did was).' b" i've also done a software engineering course much more practical and likely" b'to be the sort of thing an employer really wants, rather than what they think' b'they want, but also did not teach programming. the ability to program was' b'an entry requirement.' b'' b'at robert gordon university, programming was the main (most time-consuming)' b'start of the course. the first two years consisted of five subjects:' b'software engineering (pascal/c/unix), computer engineering b'assembler), computer theory (lisp/prolog), mathematics/statistics and' b'communication skills (how to pass interviews/intelligence tests and group' b'discussions e.g. how to survive a helicopter crash in the north sea).' b'the third year (industrial placement) was spent working for a computer company' b'for a year. the company could be anywhere in europe (there was a special' b'travel allowance scheme to cover the visiting costs of professors).' b'the fourth year included operating systems(c/modula-2), software engineering' b'(c/8086 assembler), real time laboratory (c/68000 assembler) and computing' b'theory (lisp). there were also group projects in 2nd and 4th years, where' b'students worked in teams to select their own project or decide to work for an' b'outside company (the only disadvantage being that specifications would change' b'suddenly).' b'' b'in the first four years, there was a weighting between courseworks and' b'exams for most subjects. however in the honours year, this was reduced to a' b'30%:70% split between an individual project and final exams (no coursework' b'assessment) are all computer science courses like this?' b'' b'btw we started off with students in our first year and were left with by' b'honours year. also, every course is tutored separately. not easy trying' b'to sleep when you are in student class b'' b'cheers,' b'michael' b'--' b'| michael s. a. robb tel: "..the problem with bolt-on' b'| software engineer fax: software is making sure the' b'| spider systems limited e-mail: bolts are the right size.."' 