b'' b'' b'' b" i'm doing a study on what the following type of users would like to" b" have on a unix manager. basically i'm looking for the unix commands" b' and features on motif window interface which will help the different' b' type of users make use of unix.' b' b'' b'' b" personally, i can't stand motif. i also can't stand gui command line!" b' interfaces for things like access to the commands i know command line!' b" and love. i think you'll find that experience [sic] users command line!" b'' b' \t\t\t\t\tder mouse' b' b'' b'' b'a year and a half ago i felt the same way. the i started using' b'gooyies. give me the command line when something out of the ordinary' b'needs done, and the gooy when i am doing normal or repative work.' b'note that most operations are repetative. hackers love cls because' b' b'' b"what i like about gui's:" b'' b'- the ability to view and manipulate a group of objects, files,' b'text, directories, etc. and and manipulate them in some way' b'such as delete, copy, paste, rename b'' b'- the ability to have several applications screens visible' b'and accessable at the same time.' b'' b'- being able to do a standard set of functions easily and' b'quickly on an unfamiliar operating system. i am familiar with' b'the command lines of several operating systems but occasionally' b'i will have to some work on a system that i almost never use.' b'if it has a gui, i can usually accomplish what i want to do' b'fairly easily, the command line on the other hand often is' b'a long and painful experience.' b'' b'' b"what i hate about gui's:" b'' b'- having to switch between the mouse and the keyboard. i guess' b'i have a strong one-handed preference. i like to use a' b'computer with one hand and use the other for holding something' b'like a piece of paper of a mug of tea. i have configured my' b'favorite editor so that most of the editing functions can be' b'done with one hand such as navigating, cutting, pasting,' b'searching, opening and saving files, etc. the main thing i' b'need to use both hands for is entering text.' b'' b'i guess i need to get one of those mice with, like, buttons' b'or something and then i will have the best of both worlds.' b'' b'brent' b'' 