b'' b"g'day" b'' b'windows nt is a step forward, but not by much. i guess for dos users who' b'think multi-tasking is really _neat_ (add puke here) and are overjoyed to' b'be able to use more than 64k of memory, its a major improvement. for windows' b'users its more like an upgrade with facilities most unix users take for' b'granted. most of windows users only use pcs for text processing or running' b'3rd-party applications anyway so the operating system features are not even' b'a real issue. my ideal operating system:' b'' b'binary compatible across all plaforms. it should recognize' b"binaries and configure on the fly, so i don't have to have" b'bin/mac bin/dos bin/dec bin/sun bin/hp etc...' b'' b'multi-cpu. so i can use the cpus on my pc and w/s and mac' b"and transputers and dsps. i don't know a single site which" b'has gone for a single vendor. i am not going to trade-in' b'80mflops per h1 transputer or ultra-fast fft on dsp chips.' b'note nt runs on symmetric multi-cpu systems.' b'' b'built-in portable gui/graphics tools. you can call drawbutton' b'or drawline and it does the same thing no matter what platform' b'or display. it should also translate graphics commands on-the-fly.' b'so i can use pc graphics s/w on my workstation and x software on' b'my pc. i think guis are not just nice to have but essential.' b'' b'configurable front-end. so you can make it look like unix or dos' b'or nt or os/2, and run shell scripts or command/bat files.' b'' b'object oriented. so i can program easily under it and not have' b'to re-invent the wheel if the networking is not up to scratch' b'or my application needs to access source/object code on the fly.' b'' b'in other words it should have some ai capability. that and a tight, clean' b'kernel so you can actually understand it. anyone know of something like this b'' b'adios' b'ata b'--' b'| mail dr ata etemadi, blackett laboratory, b'| space and atmospheric physics group, b'| imperial college of science, technology, and medicine, b'| span spva::atae or msslc:atae b'' 