b'' b'' b"i've seen a lot of different terms, which seem to mean the same thing." b'who can give an exact definition what these terms mean:' b'' b'\t-) multi-screen' b'\t-) multi-headed' b'\t-) multi-display' b'\t-) x-server zaphod mode' b'' b'is there a limit how many screens/displays a single server can handle' b'(in an articel a read something about an upper limit of b'' b'how is the capability called, if i want to move the cursor from one' b'screen/display to another.' b'' b' as to how many clients may be display on a server, i believe the limit' b' would be how much memory is available to your server or allocated by the' b' server.' b'' b'' b'this all sounds suspiciously like my company might have something to' b'do with this.' b'' b'background first: megatek has a series of framebuffers designed as' b'x accelerators. for the most part these are designed for sun sbus' b"and sun (and other vendor's) vme systems." b'' b'that said, megatek products support multi-screen and/or multi-display' b'on a sigle workstation. most of our cards have a keyboard/mouse port' b'which can be used to provide additional displays. for example, say' b'you hade a sparcstation with an sbus expansion chassis. you could' b'put in six frambuffers, allowing a total of six screens in the system.' b'you could then attach from to keyboard/mice, allowing you to' b'mix and match any combination of screens and displays. you could' b'have 6-screen display, 2-screen displays, 1-screen displays,' b'or 2-screen display and 4-screen display. basically any' b'combination.' b'' b'because of this, we at megatek try to be very careful about the use' b'of the words multi-screen and multi-display. they are quite different' b'in meaning, and (at least in x) have exact definitions.' b'' b'the reason i ramble like this is the mention of an upper limit if b"screens in a display. as it so happens, there's a define in the server" b'that determines the most screens supported (server/include/misc.h,' b'maxscreens). as released my mit, this is as released by megatek,' b'this is b'' b'as such, the most screens supported by a single megatek display (i.e.' b'x server) is if someone construed this to be a limitation of x' b"i'm sorry, but clearly (as pointed out so well by mr. neto) this is" b'not the case.' b'' b'we just did it here because nobody has ever asked us for more. of' b'course, i could say "buy all you want, we\'ll support more."' b'--' b'----' b'...ucsd! ...hplabs!hp-sdd! ...ames!scubed! ...uunet!' 