b'' b'i use desqview/x and i think it is great. where it really shines (imho) is' b'to let unix users log into a pc and run dos and windows applications with' b'the display going to their screens.' b"you'll need to get:" b'desqview/x v b'desqview/x v suggested retail' b'desqview/x to other x systems v suggested retail' b'' b'you also must be running a supported network (ftp softwares pctcp,' b'novell lan workplace for dos, sun microsystems pc-nfs, beame and whiteside,' b'wollongong pathway tcpip or hp microsoft lan manager)' b'' b"if you don't have any of this network stuff, quarterdeck will give you a" b'copy of novell tcpip transprot for dos with the network manager.' b'' b'' b'' b'in my opinion, if you want to have other people logging in and running' b"applications at your pc, you'll want to have a with megs of ram." b'also, the xwindows software in desqviewx really seems to like an et b'(tseng labs chipset) based graphics card. personally, i found that things' b'ran better with a scsi drive in the pc than with esdi drives, but that is' b'my experience only' b'' b'what sort of traffic is generated with the x-calls? i am curious to find' b'out the required bandwidth that a link must have if one machine running' b'dv/x is supporting multiple users (clients) and we require adequate response' b'time. anyone have any ideas b'' b'i expect the limiting factor will be your server machine, not the network' b'itself. to give you a real-world example, here at quarterdeck we have' b'roughly people using dvx to talk to a bunch of unix boxes, novell' b"file servers, and each other. it's not _too_ much of a load on our" b'ethernet (with maybe concentrators, so you have people on each' b'segment). if you had a badly loaded net, or the apps you wanted to run' b'were very network intensive, you could run into some slowdowns.' b'' b'but the biggest problem would be the machine itself. say you have a b'33 with plenty of ram and a fast hard disk and network card. if you have' b"10 people running programs off it, you're going to see some slowdowns" b"because you're now on (effectively) a mhz of course, dvx will" b'attempt to see if tasks are idle and make sure they give up their time' b"slice, but if you have working programs running, you'll know it." b'' b'having said that, if you can tweak the programs being run (by adding' b'in calls to give up time slices when idle and that sort of' b'thing), you could probably run people on a given machine before' b'you started seeing slowdowns again (this time from network bandwidth).' b"it all really depends on what the programs are doing (ie. you're going" b'to see a slowdown from x-bandwidth a lot sooner if your apps are all' b'doing network things also...)' b'--' b'quarterdeck office systems internet support tom bortels' b'bbs: fax: compuserve: go quarterdeck' b'q/fax: from touch-tone phone for technotes on demand!' 