b'' b' no, it isn\'t. it is the "x window system", or "x11", or "x" or any of' b' a number of other designations accepted by the x consortium....' b'' b' there is no such thing as "x windows" or "x window", despite the repeated' b' misuse of the forms by the trade rags.' b'' b'i used to think this way, and not just about x. for example, incorrect' b'english constructs such as "its raining" or "it\'s window id" annoy me.' b'however, there comes a time when popular usage starts to dictate the way' b'things really are in the world.' b'' b"well, yes and no. i don't particularly want this discussion to spark" b'a lengthy debate, but i do think it\'s worth pointing out that "popular' b'usage" is not always sufficient excuse.' b'' b'in this case, for example, i think an appropriate parallel may be found' b'in the pronunciation of proper names: if people commonly misspelled or' b'mispronounced your name, would you feel compelled to change it? probably' b'not.' b'' b'the same is true of x. "the x window system", "x", "x11", and related' b'monickers are proper names in the same sense that any product name is a' b'proper name. in fact, some of them are *trademarked* names. the fact' b'that many people get them wrong is largely beside the point.' b'' b'as for the trade publications that promulgate things like "x window" or' b'"x.windows" or any of the other nonsensical variants one often sees,' b'consider the fact that these publications are supposedly written by' b"*journalists*. would you trust the facts of a journalist who couldn't" b'be bothered to get the name of his/her source right? would you trust' b'a product review by someone who got the name of the product wrong?' b'' b'popular usage is as it may be, but i for one am all for holding people' b'who claim to be journalists to a higher standard of correctness.' b'' b'indeed, the fact that x won out over news' b"was really down to popular opinion (i know, we all think it's(!) technically" b'superior as well!).' b'' b'x11 technically superior to news? well, in *some* alternate universe' b'perhaps 