b'' b'*reminder* plan now for the andrew conference.' b'*date* the dates are as noted below. (we have not changed them.)' b'*submission extension* we are still accepting papers.' b'' b'*tutorial topic*' b'_converting andrew source code to c++_' b'' b'this tutorial will discuss the steps necessary to convert a site from c' b'(extended with classc) to c++. conversion of the source code requires' b'only a couple of steps:' b'run the converter' b'fill in missing type information' b'describing this will not take long. the remainder of the day will be' b'spent learning how to write objects in c++ and practicing.' b'' b'------------------------------' b'' b'1993 andrew technical conference and consortium annual meeting' b'june b'carnegie mellon university' b'pittsburgh, pa' b'' b'the conference will be held on the last thursday and friday in june. a' b'tutorial will be on thursday the 24th and the conference proper on the' b'25th with the annual meeting at the dinner on the evening between the' b'two days. all conference attendees are welcome at the annual meeting,' b'though only consortium members will be able to vote.' b'' b"this year's theme is" b'' b'application construction by non-programmers' b'' b'much of the effort on x toolkits has been aimed at programmer' b'construction of applications. there have, however, been some excellent' b'uims systems built on top of x. papers addressing the theme will' b'consider questions such as' b'what is needed for application construction by non-programmers?' b'can we avoid programming altogether, or is a simple language needed?' b'is it sufficient to create applications, or must users be able to' b'create new widgets?' b'should widgets and applications be able to print themselves?' b'' b'your participation in the conference is welcome. papers are appropriate' b'on the theme or any aspect of the andrew user interface system, including' b'' b'applications' b'experience with users' b'new objects' b'reviews of and proposals for revision of' b'internal andrew protocols' b'' b'we expect to have an rs/6000 with video projector available if you would' b'like to do a demonstration.' b'' b'paper proposals should be submitted by may b'acceptance will be june with final papers due by june.' b'' b'' b'fred hansen' b'director, andrew consortium' 