b'' b'i am glad and proud to announce the new mailing-list for the pd motif c++' b'bindings. i got over replies in about one week of people interested in' b'such a list, and the software has now been properly installed, so the list' b'is now up and running. for those interested in joining, please send e-mail' b'' b'the blurb everyone who joins gets follows, as well as the original' b'announcement for where motif++ can be obtained.' b'' b'enjoy!' b'' b'8< b'' b'' b'welcome to the motif++ mailing list!' b'' b'the motif++ mailing list is a mailing list dedicated to motif++, the pd c++' b'wrapper library for motif, where people can ask questions about motif++,' b'swap stories, and give new ideas about new directions and improvements for the' b'bindings.' b'' b'all requests of an administrative nature, like subscription, removal, etc.' b'' b"please make sure when using 'vacation' type programs that will reply to" b'messages automatically, that the address for the mailing-list is excluded' b'from auto-replies.' b'' b'enjoy!' b'' b'ronald van loon in theory, there is no difference' b'3dcv group, utrecht b'the netherlands in practice however, there is.' b'' b'8< b'' b'hello motif world,' b'' b'over the past half year there have been a lot of relatively minor changes to' b'the motif++ bindings. imake support has been improved, a few defaults have' b'been changed, and a lot of other small things have been added.' b'' b"this is basically a release which drops the 'gamma' status. next release will" b'incorporate some improvements by stefan schwarz, and possibly will support' b'x11r5 and motif 1.2.x.' b'' b'note to all of those who keep copies of the archive: please retrieve this' b'distribution (during off-peak hours), and delete all previous copies.' b'' b'here is the original announcement:' b'' b'history' b'' b'the university of lowell, supported by a grant of the open software foundation,' b'has developed a wrapper-library, that encapsulates motif widgets in c++' b'classes. all resources of these widgets can now be set through' b'member-functions, while objects can be used in callback-functions. the library' b'was made available for free or nominal cost for anonymous ftp at b'however, the library contained a large number of bugs and oversights, and only' b'worked under x11r3. due to lack of subsequent fundings, the bindings are no' b'longer actively supported by the university of lowell.' b'' b'i, ronald van loon, at a certain point last year, have taken the lowell' b'bindings, fixing the bugs i came across, adding missing memberfunctions, and' b'enhancing functionality and made the bug-fixed library available for the' b'general public for anonymous ftp (made possible by rick murphy at dec).' b'' b'new release' b'' b'i am now pleased to announce a new and updated release of the motif++' b'bindings.' b'' b'this release offers:' b'' b'- full motif1.1 and x11r4 support' b'- support for xbae widgetset' b'- two additional widgets, written by myself, that can be used to indicate' b'progress in an application.' b'- imake support. nb: this release relies heavily on the existence of imake' b'and its config files on your site. i have tried to' b'provide the bindings with a standard makefile, tweakable' b'for those unfortunates without imake. i have not severely' b'tested the standard makefile though. contact me if you' b'have problems. the reason for calling this a gamma' b'release lies in the fact that i do not have a multitude' b'of platforms to test the imake-files on.' b'- lots of testfiles (even somewhat useful programs)' b'- an article i wrote on the usage of motif, x and c++, previously posted' b'on usenet.' b'' b'where to get the new motif bindings' b'' b'ftp:' b'' b'anonymous ftp at decuac.dec.com directory /pub/x11.' b'' b'note:' b'' b'please be patient as the network link is quite slow. please do not ftp large' b'files during working hours.' b'' b'also note that there is also a motif++.31.jan.92.tar.z file at this site; this' b'is an old version of the bindings.' b'' b'e-mail:' b'' b"those who don't have ftp can send me e-mail, and i will send the bindings by" b'e-mail.' b'' b'request' b'' b'those who use the bindings and find bugs, or see room for improvement, please' b'contact me, and i will try to incorporate them in a future release (in case of' b'bugs, a bug-fix of course b'' b'more information' b'' b'if you are desperate, then you can call me at' b'+31 (that is utrecht, the netherlands; those within the netherlands' b'call b'' b'enjoy!' b'' b'--' b'ronald van loon in theory, there is no difference' b'3dcv group, utrecht b'the netherlands in practice however, there is.' b'' 