b'' b'' b'' b'what sort of traffic is generated with the x-calls? i am curious to find' b'out the required bandwidth that a link must have if one machine running' b'dv/x is supporting multiple users (clients) and we require adequate response' b'time. anyone have any ideas b'' b'i expect the limiting factor will be your server machine, not the network' b'itself. to give you a real-world example, here at quarterdeck we have' b'roughly people using dvx to talk to a bunch of unix boxes, novell' b"file servers, and each other. it's not _too_ much of a load on our" b'ethernet (with maybe concentrators, so you have people on each' b'segment). if you had a badly loaded net, or the apps you wanted to run' b'were very network intensive, you could run into some slowdowns.' b'' b'but the biggest problem would be the machine itself. say you have a b'33 with plenty of ram and a fast hard disk and network card. if you have' b"10 people running programs off it, you're going to see some slowdowns" b"because you're now on (effectively) a mhz of course, dvx will" b'attempt to see if tasks are idle and make sure they give up their time' b"slice, but if you have working programs running, you'll know it." b'' b'' b'well i can buy a bigger and more powerful server machine because of the' b'significant drop in price year after year. the link i want to use' b"though (isdn 64k) is costly and the bandwidth limited. that's why my" b'interest lies in seeing if such a link can be used and see what traffic' b'goes through it.' b'' b'' b'having said that, if you can tweak the programs being run (by adding' b'in calls to give up time slices when idle and that sort of' b'thing), you could probably run people on a given machine before' b'you started seeing slowdowns again (this time from network bandwidth).' b'' b'hmmm. has anyone at your centre monitored the traffic at all? are you' b'running any standard ms-windows programs like word what sort of' b'packets go blazing through? what size link do you have (2mb or 10mb b'what is the average traffic flow going through your network or do you' b'have few high peaks and then many low points?' b'' b'' b"it all really depends on what the programs are doing (ie. you're going" b'to see a slowdown from x-bandwidth a lot sooner if your apps are all' b'doing network things also...)' b'--' b'' b'what do you mean by network things? i vision using ms windows and other' b'windows applications over the network were the processes are running on' b'the server and all i am getting are the displays. i am wondering how' b'good is the x and subsequently dv/x protocol in transferring these' b"images with x-calls and displaying them on a client's machine." b'' b'' b' quarterdeck office systems internet support tom bortels' b' bbs: fax: compuserve: go quarterdeck' b' q/fax: from touch-tone phone for technotes on demand!' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'---' b'__/ george patapis ---------------------pan metron ariston---------- b'__/ p.o.box a792 sydney south --fax b'__/ nsw, australia.-------voice:(02) b'' b'' 