b'' b'the andrew consortium' b'of the school of computer science at carnegie mellon' b'is pleased to announce' b'' b'auis for aix3.2' b'4/26/93' b'' b'the andrew user interface system version (our cdrom version) was' b'developed for aix version on the ibm rs/6000 and many other' b'platforms. to accomodate aix version we have created a patch to' b'the sources. the patch and accompanying instructions for its' b'application can be retrieved at no charge via anonymous-ftp from the' b'internet host emsworth.andrew.cmu.edu in the directory' b'./aixpatch. for those without internet access, a diskette can be' b'ordered for by sending, or faxing, a purchase order to the address' b'below.' b'' b"the base system can be ordered from us as a cdrom or ftp'ed from the" b'same host.' b'' b'note that this patch adds no additional functionality but simply allows' b'auis to compile under aix3.2.' b'' b'-----------' b'' b'the andrew user interface system (auis) is a comprehensive environment' b'on top of x11 windows in which you can create, use, and mail multi-media' b'applications and documents. a major advantage of auis is the' b'capability to recursively embed objects. thus, one can edit text that' b'not only contains multiple fonts, indentation, and other typography, but' b'also contains embedded raster images, spreadsheets, drawing editors,' b'equations, simple animations, and so on. these embedded objects can' b'themselves contain other objects, including text.' b'' b'auis has three components:' b'' b'the andrew user environment is an integrated and extensible set' b'of applications beginning with the ez text editor, a help' b'system, a system monitoring tool, an editor-based shell' b'interface, and other editors corresponding to the various' b'available types of objects.' b'' b'the andrew toolkit (atk) is a portable, object-oriented' b'user-interface toolkit that provides the architecture wherein' b'objects can be embedded in one-another. with the toolkit,' b'programmers can create new objects that can be embedded as' b'easily as those that come with the system.' b'' b'the andrew message system (ams) provides a multi-media interface' b'to mail and bulletin-boards. ams supports several mail' b'management strategies and implements many advanced features' b'including authentication, return receipts, automatic sorting of' b'mail, vote collection and tabulation, enclosures, audit trails' b'of related messages, and subscription management. it also' b'provides a variety of interfaces that support ttys and' b'low-function personal computers in addition to high-function' b'workstations.' b'' b'the current public release of andrew, version includes support for' b'the new internet mime (multipurpose internet mail extensions) standards' b'for multipart, multimedia mail. a newer release, for members of' b'the andrew consortium has numerous additional features including new' b'editors for drawings, images, fonts, and user preferences.' b'' b'' b'remote andrew demo service' b'' b'you can try out andrew from your own work station via the remote andrew' b'demo service. you need a host machine on the internet running the x11' b"window system. you'll be able to compose multimedia documents, navigate" b'through the interactive andrew tour, and use the andrew message system' b"to browse through a few of cmu's four thousand bulletin boards and" b'newsgroups.' b'' b'to get started with the remote andrew demo service, simply run the' b'following command on your machine:' b'' b'' b'the service will give you further instructions.' b'' b'' b'more information about andrew is available from:' b'' b'information requests' b'andrew consortium' b'carnegie mellon university' b'smith hall b'5000 forbes avenue' b'pittsburgh, pa b'usa' b'phone: b'fax: b'' b'' 