b'' b'' b'wasn\'t the shareware fee a "suggestion" by john?' b"is so then it's up to the individual to make the choice whether or not to" b'honour it and part with money. personally if i was in his position i would' b'do exactly the same thing, john has obviously put in lot of time and effort' b"into xv and why shouldn't he receive some money for it." b'' b'it is interesting to look at the change(s) of mind that john has had.' b'' b'the author file for xgif (an early incarnation of xv) reads (in part)' b'as follows...' b'' b'do whatever you want with this program, though it *would* be nice if my name' b'remained on it somewhere... other than that, it may be freely modified,' b'distributed, and used to fill up disk space.' b'' b'the readme file for xv reads (in part) as follows...' b'' b'note: if you like the program and decide to use it, *please* send me a short' b'email message to that effect. be sure to mention the full name of your' b"organization. when our sponsors ask us 'what have you been doing', it would" b'be most handy to be able to come up with a nice long list of organizations' b'that are using code developed in the grasp lab. brownie points, as' b'it were.' b'' b'the copyright notices as it appeared then was...' b'' b'/*' b'* copyright by the university of pennsylvania' b'*' b'* permission to use, copy, and distribute for non-commercial purposes,' b'* is hereby granted without fee, providing that the above copyright' b'* notice appear in all copies and that both the copyright notice and this' b'* permission notice appear in supporting documentation.' b'*' b'* the software may be modified for your own purposes, but modified versions' b'* may not be distributed.' b'*' b'* this software is provided "as is" without any express or implied warranty.' b'*/' b'' b'the readme file for xv reads (in part) as follows...' b'' b"also, if you find xv to be nifty, useful, generally 'cool', and of" b'some value to you, your donation (not tax-deductable) would be greatly' b'appreciated. (u.s.) is probably a fine amount to donate.' b'folks who donate and up will receive a nice, bound copy of the xv manual' b"printed on a spiffo 600-dpi laser printer. it'll look lovely mounted over" b'your fireplace.' b'' b"which looks to me as a suggestion (see julian's comment above)." b'' b'the copyright notices as it appeared then was...' b'' b'* copyright by john bradley and' b'* the university of pennsylvania' b'' b'the readme for xv reads (in part) as follows...' b'' b'xv is shareware for personal use only. you may use xv for your own' b'amusement, and if you find it nifty, useful, generally cool, or of' b'some value to you, your non-deductable donation would be greatly' b'appreciated. is the suggested donation, though, of course,' b'larger donations are quite welcome. folks who donate or more' b'can receive a printed, bound copy of the xv manual for no extra' b'charge. if you want one, just ask. be sure to specify the version' b'of xv that you are using!' b'' b'commercial, government, and institutional users must register their' b'copies of xv, for the exceedingly reasonable price of just per' b'workstation/x terminal. site licenses are available for those who' b'wish to run xv on a large number of machines. contact the author' b'for more details.' b'' b'the second paragraph to me says that universities must register and' b'pay (a potentially) large sum of money.' b'' b'the copyright notices now read...' b'' b'* copyright by john bradley' b'' b"was this developed on upenn's time/equipment? what do they, and the" b'grasp lab mentioned above, have to say about all this?' b'' b'dept. of computer sciences {backbone}!purdue!bingle' b'purdue university b'west lafayette, in 