b'' b'' b'evolution of sco newsgroups and mailing lists' b'---------------------------------------------' b'' b'many readers enjoyed the opportunity to obtain and contribute useful' b'information on sco open desktop since through the ancestral usenet' b"newsgroup sco.opendesktop or it's companion mailing list. similarly," b'there was a demonstrated need for an information and discussion forum' b'for sco products in general.' b'' b'with the increasing demand for accessibility and for additional sco' b'newsgroups, many current contributors including those who have been' b'active in circulating sco related newsgroups and mailing lists felt' b'that the readership would be best served by creating a biz.sco.*' b'hierarchy to improve propagation (and hence availability) worldwide.' b'' b'biz.sco.{opendesktop,general,announce} were newgrouped may in' b'accordance with accepted procedure within "biz". given the content,' b'this change relocated the "opendesktop" newsgroup to a more proper place' b'within the established usenet news hierarchy and adds the new "announce"' b'became "scogen" in keeping with established biz.sco.* naming conventions.' b'' b'biz.sco.binaries and biz.sco.sources were newgrouped on june b'to respectively accommodate sco xenix, unix and opendesktop specific' b'binaries and source code. the binaries and sources news groups are' b'moderated, with moderator and submissions information and policy' b'outlined in the periodic imformational postings in those newsgroups.' b'respecting usenet etiquite, these newsgroups are _not_ gated to' b'mailing lists, but are archived on several nuucp and ftp hosts.' b'' b'biz.sco.magazine was newgrouped dec to provide a discussion' b'area for the readers, writers and publishers of sco magazine.' b'' b'subject to the usenet news hierarchies carried by your upstream feed,' b'you are now able to subscribe to the following:' b'' b'newsgroup mailing list subscription' b'--------- b'biz.sco.sources\t\t\t<none' b'biz.sco.binaries\t\t<none' b'' b'you are _strongly_ encouraged to obtain these newsgroups via usenet' b'news mechanisms vrs mail. anyone having difficulty arranging a news' b'feed for these newsgroups is welcome to email the undersigned and' b"i'll do my best to help. we also offer all required software in" b'source code form via anonymous ftp and uucp, as do many archive sites.' b'if, after having explored all options, you are still unable to receive' b'biz.sco.* as news, you may subscribe to the mailing lists.' b'' b'the discussion newsgroups are bi-directionally gated to companion' b'mailing lists, so anyone not having access to news but who does have a' b'uucp or internet mail feed can still participate fully using email.' b'mailing list subscribers should send their request to the appropriate' b'"mailing list subscription" address above, including in the message body:' b'' b'add: subscriber_address\t\t-eg-' b'add: up!stream!yoursite!your_logname' b'' b'inclusion of an alternative working bang-path relative to a well know' b'major functional site might prove beneficial. deletions are handled' b'the same way, simply substitute "delete:" for "add:", ensuring that' b'you use the exact same address you subscribed with. mailing list' b'subscribers receive "how to post to the mlist" article submission' b"information when their request is processed. if you don't receive" b'an acknowledgement within a few days, check your routing and try a test' b"message via xenitec.on.ca back to your host. in such cases, it's likely" b'that someone, somewhere, is bouncing mail replies to you (and would do' b"the same with mailing list traffic), and you'll want to resolve your" b'connectivity problem before trying to subscribe again. mailing list' b'subscriptions are free, subject to whatever arrangements you may have' b'with the site(s) feeding you.' b'' b'should you receive no response or experience a sudden and prolonged' b'drop to zero volume on one of the mailing lists, this indicates that we' b'are no longer able to find a working route to your site. we loose a' b'handful of subscribers this way each month. if this happens to you,' b'please email us your known working bang-path relative to a major site.' b'' b"what's in the newsgroups (and mailing_lists where applicable):" b'' b'biz.sco.opendesktop: technical questions and answers and informative' b'postings relating to past, present, and future' b'implementations of the sco opendesktop operating' b"environment and it's various bundled components." b'' b'biz.sco.general: questions, answers and comments on sco products' b'in general, and of course resulting discussions.' b'' b'biz.sco.announce: sco and sco developer product announcements of' b'interest to current and future users of sco products,' b'and to sco developers, resellers and distributors.' b'(moderated, followups directed to biz.sco.general).' b'' b'biz.sco.sources:\tsysv or bsd source code for useful programs and' b'utilities, modified to compile and run with various' b'incarnations of sco xenix, unix, and/or opendesktop.' b'' b'biz.sco.binaries:\tbinary packages compiled from sco compatible source' b'code, often from source posted in biz.sco.sources' b'and often installable using the sco "custom" utility.' b'' b'biz.sco.magazine:\tinteraction between the sco magazine readers,' b'writers and publishers.' b'' b'you should always endeavour to post your article to the most applicable' b'newsgroup. for example, posting your odt question to the "general"' b'newsgroup will preclude your question and answers to it from being' b'saved in the public odt archives. appropriate crossposting is allowed.' b'' b'the undersigned is solely responsible for administration of the biz.sco' b'namespace. suggestions for additional biz.sco.* newsgroups and/or' b'mailing lists should be emailed to the address below.' b'--' b'xenitec consulting services, kitchener on, canada b'trios training centres ltd. mississauga on canada b'[biz.sco.* newsgroups and mailing lists godfather]' 