b'' b'' b' these are two common subjects so i hope someone has had to deal with these' b' specific questions.' b'' b' [....question deleted.....]' b'' b' i would like to place a popup so that it will be to the immediate right' b' of my main window. i want it at the same y coord, and their right/left' b' sides touching. what i need to ask for is the x,y coord of the window' b" manager's border for the main window. this should ring a bell with anyone" b' who has called xtmovewidget(), immediately checking the x,y after the move' b' and seeing that it is right, and in their next callback asking for the x,y' b' and seeing that it is now offset by the wm border.' b'' b' any help would be most appreciated.' b'' b' darcy' b'' b"i have done this before, but i'm not sure i used the best approach (although" b'i tried several methods...).' b'' b'you have to run up the window heirarchy (using xquerytree()) until you get' b'to the root window. now, this is not so simple because some window managers' b'slap a window over the root window that is the same size as the root window,' b'so be sure to take that into account for further calculations.' b'' b'calculate the position and width/height offsets for each window using' b'xgetgeometry(). be sure to take the border_width into consideration.' b'remember a windows border_width is on the outside of a window, so the' b'windows x,y,width,height must be adjusted accordingly.' b'' b'all of this should give you pretty good numbers for how much space the' b'window-manager is using.' b'' b'now, to place the new window, you have to use the same numbers to calculate' b'where you want to place it, because the window-manager will re-parent it on' b'the outside of where you place your window (if i remember correctly).' b'' b'disclaimer: all of this is from memory, and i no longer have the code. but' b'i did get it working under several window managers correctly. feel free to' b'call or e-mail for further info.' b'' b'-mcgary' b'' b'--' b'mike d. mcgary voice: b'intellection fax: 