b'' b'some people working a few cubes over have come up with this need, and' b'it seems that someone out there just might have done it already, and' b"can point me to some tools that would help. what they'd like to do is:" b'given a window that is taking a long time to draw (because either the' b'data is arriving over a slow link, or the $display is across a slow' b'link), they would like to first paint a low-resolution version of the' b'picture, and then repaint it in higher resolution. thus, the picture' b'might first be generated in resolution, with each 4x4 square of' b'pixels being filled in with a single color. next, each 4x4 square' b'would be replaced by 2x2 squares; finally the 1x1 version would be' b'painted.' b'' b'since one of the scenarios is with the window being on the other side' b"of a slow link, the low-res version obviously wouldn't be transmitted" b"as a bitmap; that wouldn't help at all. instead, there would have to" b'be a process on the far end that receives the low-res picture as a' b'small bitmap, and blows up each pixel into a square (sorta like the' b'magnifier programs do). this brings up the question of whether the x' b'server can help. that is, when a window is opened, is there a way to' b'ask that a "filter" program be run to process the pixels? or is the' b'only way to use something like rsh to start up a remote process' b'("permission denied" and have it open a local window?' b'' b'it seems the most likely scenario is a library routine that starts up' b'such a program remotely, and then accepts bitmaps, compressing each' b'one by some amount, and sending them to the remote program to expand.' b"but if there is something that x itself can do to help, it's be nice" b"to hear about it. (i looked in several fms, but if it's there, i" b"obviously don't know the keywords if someone has a nifty tool" b'available that packages it all, we might want to get a copy.' b'' b'oh, yes; this is to run on some suns. part of the idea is to build' b'demos that can show such things as "if this were run across, say, a' b'4800-bps link, this is how fast the pictures would appear." then the' b'customer would get a feel for the speed that they need to pay for.' b'' b'--' b'if the auto industry were like the computer industry, a car would now' b'cost would get miles to the gallon, and at random times would' b'explode, killing all its passengers.' 