b'' b'' b'elbel) said:' b'' b"me as is, emu won't work on bsd derived systems (e.g. suns) with" b'me anything else than a csh. there is a fix to this, which is very' b"me short (remove one line of code). i'll put this on export today." b'' b"it's more than that actually. in the version on export one cannot just" b'specify a posix tty behaviour, the posix config files are incomplete' b'without those of some specific platforms like suns and decs. i looked' b'twice at porting emu to linux, but stopped short becuse of the tty' b"part. is there a `cleaner' version of emu that supports posix tty" b'explicitly?' b'' b"hmm, depends on how you define 'clean'. jordan implemented the system" b'dependent stuff in a way that you have basic implementations for,' b'call it, operating system types, then you go ahead and write a include' b'file for your specific machine or operating system using the basic' b"implementations. since both jordan and i haven't encountered a" b"os flavor yet, that is fully posix, we haven't gotten around to" b'really implement (and test) a top-level include file specifically' b'for just posix. the posix routines are used in the sun specific file' b'tty_sun.i for example, but here we also use some bsd stuff. all in all' b'it still is probably better to implement a include file for each and' b"every operating system than '#ifdef'ing in existing ones. the type" b'of mess that can result from that can clearly be seen in the xterm' b'sources. even if quite a bit of code gets copied almost unchanged a' b'couple of times, this only uses up some disk space, since only the' b'"drivers" actually included from the toplevel include file will be' b'compiled into emu.' b'' b"it shouldn't be hard to come up with a tty_linux.i file that fully" b"relies on the posix stuff, but unfortunately i don't have a linux" b"system available to me, so i can't do the port myself. i would suggest" b'you read the readme in term/sysdep and if you have any problems or' b'questions, contact me and we could try to sort this out. unfortunately' b'we have to rely on help from the net on this part of emu, since we' b"just don't have access to that many different systems." b'' b'michael' b'' b'' b'--' b'intelligenz is sowieso nur wat fuer doofe mia' b'fermentation fault (coors dumped)' 