b'' b'' b"| i've been getting mail from xhibition about the june conference and i was" b'| wondering if microsoft had bought xhibition? the front says "conference' b'| from microsoft windows nt developers". what\'s the deal? i thought' b'| "x"hibition was for "x-windows"??' b'|' b'| b'| jesse w. asher' b'' b'yes, xhibition is for the x window system. the x window system conference' b'remains the largest and most complete conference devoted to x. nineteen full' b'and half day tutorials and thirty-six technical sessions over three days' b'provide huge amounts of information for x application developers. add vendor' b'exhibits and a product presentation track to provide information on what' b'folks can purchase today, and you have a complete show focused on x11.' b'' b'speakers at xhibition include:' b'' b'bob schiefler, lu abel, mark ackerman, paul asente, doug blewett,' b'donna converse, jim fulton, oliver jones, keith packard, ralph swick,' b'doug young, and many others.' b'' b'xhibition is growing (fortunately for us:-) and we have added some additional' b'conferences. surveys that we have given have indicated additional topics of' b'interest. these include: object oriented technologies such as the object' b"management group's orb and corba; c++ as it applies to x; client server" b'technologies such as dce; threads; databases- object oriented and relational;' b'and (not surprisingly when you look at the audience) windows nt.' b'' b'with the bulk of the xhibition audience (and the unix community) developing' b'applications for in-house or custom use, a new 32-bit operating system from a' b'player as large as microsoft needs to be evaluated. with ms windows on so many' b'desktops, and the price of computing power dropping, its successor needs to be' b'evaluated. as corporations begin to look at nt, so must their developers and' b'suppliers.' b'' b'the mission of the xhibition technical conferences is to provide information' b'to the application developer and to the technology planner. the nt conference' b'at xhibition is designed to do just that. we worked with microsoft to provide' b'the *only* conference this year specifically designed to show x and unix' b"developers the capabilities of windows and nt. if you aren't sure that nt has" b'what you need for your application development or systems deployment, this is' b'the place to find out. ask the folks from microsoft, get them to show you' b'what you need. conference attendees will receive nt software development' b'kits- to bang on, evaluate, and generally to see for yourself.' b'' b"i hope this doesn't sound like an nt commercial (it should sound like an" b'xhibition commercial:-). i just want to reiterate that the xhibition audience' b'is growing and xhibition is growing along with it. the industry is a' b'confusing place at the moment with unix, cose, nt, dce, corba, and all of' b'the other acronyms sprouting up. xhibition can help sort out the confusion.' b'' b'' b'-aub harden' b'technical program manager' b'' b'' b'x h i b i t i o n the conference and trade' b'****** show for corporate' b'* software development' b'****** b'* broadway' b'*** cambridge, ma b'' b'windows on distributed computing' b'' b'june san jose, ca' b'' b'voice: fax: b'' b'presented by integrated computer solutions, inc.' 