b'' b'' b'i posted this may 12th:' b'' b'' b' i am looking for info on products that can take' b' windows source on a unix box (such as sparc), and produce a' b' motif executable. another requirement is that mfc should' b' be supported. i already know of:' b'' b' wind/u by bristol technologies' b' hunter sdk' b' mainwin by mainsoft' b'' b' are there any others?' b'' b" \ti will post a summary if it's wanted." b'' b'' b"i got a few requests asking for a summary, so i'll attempt one" b'here:' b'' b'' b"here's the ones i know of:" b'' b'wind/u\t\t- bristol technologies' b'' b'hunter sdk\t- hunter systems' b'' b'mainwin\t\t- mainsoft' b'' b'libwxm visual solutions' b'' b'' b'hunter' b'' b'the company is going through some big changes. i expect' b'to eventually see the hunter sdk pop up with a new name. at the moment, it' b'is difficult to get phone calls returned and otherwise obtain info.' b'hopefully they will post something about themselves once things settle down.' b'' b'visual solutions' b'' b"libwxm is a product that i just heard about. they don't" b'yet support mdi or mfc. libwxm was used to port vissim, a mathematical' b'modeling package. does native motif widgets, like wind/u from bristol.' b"contact carrie lemieux at for more info. she's very helpful." b'' b'mainsoft' b'' b'this translates windows source to a unix executable that' b'can switch off between a windows or quasi-motif look and feel at' b'runtime. they skip the xt and xm (motif) x toolkit levels and go' b"straight to xlib. they don't yet support mfc. they're at b'' b'bristol' b'' b'this company that seems to be on the right track. wind/u uses' b'xlib/xt/xm to give a *real* motif app. they seem to be doing the most work' b'in trying to support things like dde, common dialogs, and more on the horizon.' b'my contact there is knowledgeable, responds to my email, and wrote an example' b'program for me showing how to obtain x widgets from windows handles.' b'' b'--' b'daniel l smith, autodesk, sausalito, california, x b'disclaimer: accuracy of statements corrrelates somehow to caffeine intake' 