b'' b'i am having something very unusual happen. first' b'some background on my system. i have a mitsubishi meg hard drive,' b'and am running smartdrv (the version that comes with windows on' b'it. i rarely use windows. i use a program called disk technician' b'gold v1.14 to do diagnostics live time on my hard drive. it works by' b'having a device driver detect whenever more than one read is' b'necessary for a file, or if there is anything else is wrong with it,' b'and minor problems are fully checked out upon rebooting. my hard' b'drive is notorious for bad sectors. i usually end up with new bad' b'sectors a week.' b'' b"here's what happened: i ran a program, and dtg broke in with" b'an emergency warning and recommended i reboot. it gave me this' b'message twice before the program was fully loaded. i exited the program' b'and did just this. dtg went through its bootup process, examining' b'for new errors etc., and a screen popped up and said something about' b'sectors for a brief period of time.' b'' b'i then went back to the program, executed it again, and the' b'exact same error was detected. i rebooted and tried again, and the' b'same error happened again. so, i removed dtg from memory, and went' b'to the program to see if i could detect anything wrong. sure enough' b'there was a number of read attempts. so i rebooted and reloaded dtg,' b'but removed the cache. i executed the program. no read errors,' b'either audible or detected by dtg. i quit the program, loaded the' b'cache, and ran the program again. the errors were detected.' b'' b"ok, so the errors are there, and dtg detects but doesn't fix" b'them, when the cache is loaded. when the cache is not loaded there are' b'no errors. so, to see if the cache was interfering with any other' b'files, i went into xtree gold and tagged all files, and searched them' b'for a random string (in other words, i wanted the program to' b'completely read every file on my hard drive). before i got through' b"the c's dtg had detected at least six errors and recommended i reboot." b'' b'does anybody, have any idea why smartdrv is causing misreads on' b'my hard drive? oh, there are exactly two misreads per file, and in' b'about every files are affected.' b'' b"i originally posted this message to disk technician corp.'s" b'system, but i figured someone out in netland may know enough about' b'smartdrv to help me out.' b'' b'--' b'uucp: ...!ryptyde!netlink!jdriver' b'netlink online communications public access in san diego, ca 