b'' b"i don't know much about computers, so please bear with me. here's my question:" b'' b'context: i use a package called slip on my home computer to connect to the' b'university mainframe (an ibm running vms/mvs), and log on to my' b'account. when i installed slip on my computer, i had to configure it' b'for my modem kbs etronics internal) and had to supply the phone' b'number to dial to reach the mainframe. the way it works now is that' b'i type "telnet uicvm" or "tn3270 uicvm" (either will work) at the dos' b'prompt. uicvm is the node name of the mainframe. the program then' b'dials the mainframe, establishes a protocol, and gives me the logon' b'screen. "telnet" and "tn3270" are the names of batch files in my slip' b'directory. i have been told that a kermit protocol is used for the' b'session.' b'' b'problem: i would like to be able to do all this under windows because i' b'hardly ever use dos directly. slip will not run under windows. i' b'talked to the people at our computer center, and they suggested that' b'i use a packet driver called winpkt.com with slip. they gave me' b'instructions on how to load it before i start windows, and how to' b'modify the tcpstart and tcpstop batch files (in the slip directory)' b'to ensure that it would work. i did all that and i could run slip' b'from windows, but there were other problems. for one thing, slip' b'would not hang up the phone when i exited. i had to run my communi-' b'cations program to hang up the phone or reboot the computer when' b"that didn't work. for another, there were too many errors. it often" b'took me tries to connect to the mainframe. our computer center' b"does not support slip under windows, so i can't keep going back to" b'them with more questions.' b'' b'question: is there some other shareware package that will run under windows' b'and do what slip is supposed to do? i need a package that is not too' b'expensive, which is why i am looking for shareware. i have heard that' b'there are regular commercial packages that do all this, but they cost' b'hundreds of dollars. these are the main requirements:' b'' b'1. must be able to run under windows b'2. must allow vt100 and ibm tn3270 terminal emulation' b"3. must allow ftp file transfers, since that's the only kind the" b'mainframe allows. no y-modem or z-modem etc. i believe the ftp' b"transfers are made through a kermit protocol, but i'm hazy about" b'that.' b'' b"a subsidiary feature (that would be nice to have) if it's a true" b'windows program (rather than a dos program modified to run under' b'windows) is the ability to run the session in a window concurrently' b'with other applications and to cut and paste between the telnet' b'session and other applications.' b'' b'any information received is appreciated.' b'' b'pankaj saxena' 