b'' b' i have an eisa machine and i just do not understand why most' b' eisa video cards only match the performance of their isa' b' counterparts. for instance, the eisa orchid pro designer iis-e is' b' only about as "fast" as the isa diamond speedstar plus, which isn\'t' b' what i would call "fast."' b'' b" i don't understand why eisa video cards aren't, as a group, on the" b' same level of performance as local bus cards, given that eisa video' b" cards have a bit bus to move data around, instead of isa's bits." b'' b'good question.' b"answer: the eisa bus does move bits rather than isa's b'but it still moves it at about the speed as the isa bus.' b"i think that's either or mhz." b'the local bus designs also move bits like the eisa, but' b'they move the data at the cpu speed, up to mhz.' b'so, on a 33mhz cpu, the local bus is moving 32bit data at' b'33 mhz, and the eisa is moving 32bit data at or mhz.' b'so the local bus should be to times faster than eisa on' b'a mhz cpu. eisa should be about two (maybe times as' b'fast as isa.' b'' b' since they are not, why would anyone (me included) pay a higher' b' cost for a eisa video card when its performance is no better than' b' and often worse that a much cheaper isa video board, such as a' b" diamond speedstar 24x? from pc magazine's (i think) recent report," b" i know that ati makes a pretty fast eisa video card, but it's" b' around which is just about double what my wallet will allow' b' me to spend. and, for i could get a diamond viper and still' b" have left over (of course, i'd have to get a local bus mother-" b' board too...)' b'' b"that's a very good question. the eisa bus does have more advantages" b"over the isa bus than just it's width. for example: more/better" b'interrupts and bus mastering. but these other factors do not impact' b'a video card very much. they have more impact on file servers with' b'multiple hard drives, full-throttle network cards, cd-roms, etc.' b'' b' can anyone shed some light on my confusion/frustration?' b'' b'' b'' 