b'' b'phang, the philadelphia area nextstep user group, will be holding a public' b'sneak preview of nextstep for intel processors.' b'' b'where: david rittenhouse labs room a1' b'33rd and walnut, southeast corner, philadelphia pa' b'when: wednesday, may 5th' b'7 pm to pm' b'' b'' b'nextstep is the bit unix based operating environment which has, until now,' b'only been available on motorola-based next computers. in the may 11th issue' b'of pc magazine called nextstep a "hot prospect". now, next is nearing release' b"of a version of nextstep which will run on 486-based pc's, yet is identical to" b'the version. in fact, nextstep includes the ability to easily' b'compile a program into a single binary which will run on both intel and' b'motorola hardware.' b'' b'nextstep for intel processors will be demonstrated on an epson progression' b'486 computer. nextstep is scheduled for release on may at nextworld expo' b'in san francisco.' b'' b'the demonstration will be open to the public. come one come all! if you are' b'interested in seeing the most advanced pc operating system around, come on by!' b'' b'for a brief summary of what nextstep offers, see the may 11th issue of' b'pc magazine, page b'' b'for more information, contact me:' b'' b'jonathan hendry' b'phang, the philadelphia area nextstep user group' b'215-653-0911' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'jonathan w. hendry' b'drexel university college of info. studies' b'' b'"the experience of programming windows vs. the experience of' b'programming nextstep is like going to the dentist and having a root canal' b'without anaesthetic vs. going to the dentist and having your gums cleaned' b'w/some nitrous-oxide thrown in for the entertainment side of things."' b'' b'--' b'jonathan w. hendry' b'drexel university college of info. studies' b'' b'"the experience of programming windows vs. the experience of' b'programming nextstep is like going to the dentist and having a root canal' b'without anaesthetic vs. going to the dentist and having your gums cleaned' b'w/some nitrous-oxide thrown in for the entertainment side of things."' 