b'' b'' b'[much bs deleted for brevity]' b'' b'again, my point was that not all microsofties are here to "sell"' b'readers on our products (which would conflict with the "no-ads"' b'philosophy of usenet). nor do we necessarily have access to info' b'that others have.' b'' b'it certainly smacks of that! remember the "poll" that you quoted' b'saying that you had seen a of users being satisfied with dos b'' b'it was and actually another msdos team member posted it.' b'note that people not on the msdos team would not necessarily know' b'about that, or...' b'' b'care to recall how unbiased the sample set was?' b'' b'when i heard those numbers i wondered how they got them (having' b'worked in product support and knowing that the typical support caller' b"has very little positive to say about the product, i figured it wasn't" b'from there...) so i wandered over to the marketing folks and asked.' b'and i was told it was from a survey of registered users. and i' b'posted that on the net when people asked where the figure came' b'from.' b'' b'that post sure looked like fud....and coming from a microsoftie' b'.... well, it sure seemed like something was not on level.' b'' b'hmm. i figured, if chuck posted the numbers, why not include where' b'they came from? (i also find it interesting that postitive info is' b'"fear, uncertainty doubt".)' b'' b'advocacy is good but spreading fud to advocate your favorite os is very' b'unethical especially when you have a vested interest in the success' b'of that os.' b'' b"???? i think you've got me confused with someone else. i don't" b'pretend that msdos provides what all people need, or that other' b"oses (including unix os/2) don't provide useful and/or necessary" b"features. i also don't push people to use msdos; i even posted in" b'comp.os.msdos.misc that i suggest _waiting_ before installing a' b'new os, esp if you have trouble (support is always overloaded' b'during release, unless the sales are a total bomb).' b'' b'i also get tired of people assuming that microsofties are, like,' b'members of the borg.' b'' b'that is because their actions seem to invite this opinion never seen more' b'defensive people in my life.' b'' b"i ain't saying some of us don't get defensive sometimes. do you *really*" b'think msdos gets any more respect within microsoft than outside it?' b'' b"i just mean we all aren't cut out of the same dough with the same cookie" b'cutter. we don\'t all think alike. yeah, chuckst and i have some "inside"' b"info on msdos doesn't mean that everyone else does b'' b'seriously speaking, it is a shame that ms techie employees get the heat for' b"ms's actions most of which are perpetrated by the management and marketing." b'i am sure that they are very talented etc i have not doubts about their' b'abilities, just about the ethics of their marketing practices.' b'' b'-jen' b'' b'--' b'' 