b'' b"i'd like to appeal to the net's nt wizards for a bit of advice." b'' b'first a general description of the machine as follows:' b'motherboard: utron mhz opti chipset, meg memory, 256kb cache' b'(soon i hope to drop a dx2 chip into it)' b'fahrenheit video meg, 1024x768x256)' b'proaudio spectrum sound board' b'primary disk connor cp30174 on a caching ide controller' b'secondary disk conner cp30174 as slave on same controller' b'tertiary disk fujitsu meg on superstore esdi controller' b'planned future disks include scsi hd and cd rom on pas16 scsi port' b'tape drive is a colorado jumbo on the floppy controller' b'future tape drive may be a dat on the scsi interface.' b'other hardware includes modem/fax, serial ports, and a teletext board' b'(ugly dos software drives the latter)' b'' b'applications used include normal windows stuff (excel, word, quicken' b'and turbo pascal/windows) but the important stuff is my audio' b'work environment which includes turtle beach wave for windows, mcs stereo,' b'and other misc stuff for dinking around with audio files. also i use' b"stacker on the primary drive, hp newwave (for my wife's use, and she" b"won't let me get rid of it!), and a product called infinite disk from" b'chili pepper software for hierarchical storage management of my seldom' b'used offline files.' b'' b'i plan to upgrade to nt, when it becomes a released product. i was stongly' b"tempted to become a beta user early on, but i don't have time to mess around" b'with the hassles of beta software. i expect to buy it, tear off the' b'shrink wrap, and use it without hassle (i know, unrealistic, but i can' b"hope can't i, after all, i have work to do)." b'' b'the advice i want concerns the state of nt regarding device drivers, and' b'hardware specific stuff in general. how smoothly can i expect the' b'upgrade to go? can i expect support for all my stuff, or do i' b'still need to scramble around downloading drivers (pas?, orchid?, colorado?)' b'from some bbs, etc. what steps should i take to ensure the installation' b"goes smoothly. note that i want to nuke dos totally from the system. i'm" b'allergic to command lines! i plan to run a "pure" nt system. also, will' b'nt communicate with the workgroups lan? what about stacker? i currently' b'have stacker on the first disk drive. without stacker, and the infinite' b'disk product, i will have great difficulty fitting everything i have on the' b"system (it's cramped now)." b'' b'i realize stacker will be incompatible with nt, but will there be an nt' b'version? or will nt support compression a la dos i know infinite disk' b'will be incompatible with nt, but will they offer (or does anybody else)' b'a comparable product for nt and at what cost? (perhaps i need to ask' b"chili pepper that question) i can live without id if i have to, but i'd" b'rather not. will nt run my dos apps (the teletext board mainly) without' b'dos on the system? what do i need to keep around?' b'' b'any feedback or advice (including "forget nt" with good reasons) is much' b'appreciated. my only significant reason for moving to nt is i need a better' b'multitasking environment than windows (among other reasons, wave locks up' b'the machine for hours and hours doing dsp processing on large audio files),' b'and i want better lan support than i now have (internet access, etc). maybe' b'there are better solutions than nt and if so, i would appreciate hearing' b"about them (os/2? what's it's status these days?)" b'' b"pls respond by email and if there is interest i'll summarize for the net." b'' b'thanks,' b'nathan gregory' b'' 