b'' b'' b' i am setting up my dos/unix box on a 116m ide and a 412m scsi drive' b' and was wondering about the use of the (ms-dos join command. i' b" like the way it sets things up since i won't have to stick with the c:" b' d: e: (crap) that dos enforces. i like how it would mimic mount' b' points of unix filesystems. i have heard that there were problems' b' with using it, or at least under older versions of dos. please tell!' b'' b'i have been using the join command for many years now, mostly with good' b'success in duplicating unix-style file mounts. you will hear lots of' b'people cursing join because they confuse it with the dos append command' b"(a truely gnarly hack), but don't believe them. you also will hear" b'people saying that microsoft recommends that you not use join. but, in' b"microsoft's windows workgroups resource toolkit, the following appears:" b'' b'"join, an ms-dos utility, works fine with windows for workgroups if' b'you do not change the state of the joined drives during a windows for' b'workgroups session. this includes adding or removing joined drives' b'from within windows for workgroups. we recommend that you do not use' b'join when running windows setup or windows for workgroups b'' b'within this caveat, join appears to be valid under windows. however, i' b"have found a couple of applications that don't deal well with filesystems" b'that have been "mounted" using join.' b'' b'in particular, the worst offender is word for windows 2.0x. it gets very' b'confused when you edit and then try to save a file on a joined drive. it' b'wants to create the saved file as ~nnnnn.tmp in the current dir, then' b'delete the old file and rename the ~nnnnn.tmp file to the *.doc file.' b'' b'unfortunately, wfw usually writes the ~nnnnn.tmp file in some idiotic' b'place other than the current directory (often in the root dir of the' b'joined filesystem, but not always). then, after deleting the original' b"*.doc file, it can't find the ~nnnnn.tmp file to rename it. unless you" b'search your disk systems, the document is gone.' b'' b'i have also found subtle problems using the mks toolkit from a dos box' b'when joined filesystems are present. i used to join c:\\temp with a 4meg' b'ramdisk, but mks sometimes gets confused when doing an "ls" on the c:\\temp' b'dir, and misses some files in the temp dir. (this is difficult to' b'reproduce, but it goes away totally when join is not used.) i think' b"this is a windows problem, rather than mks's, since it works ok under raw" b'dos.' b'' b'so, i would suggest that you can use join, but be aware that it may not' b'be as robust you would like.' b'' b'wouldn\'t it be real great to "mount" network drives (i.e. z:) under the main' b'file tree, rather than having all those darned drive letters? unfortunately,' b"join won't let you do it. there was talk on the net about a simple patch" b"to let join work on network drives, but i don't remember the source." b'' b"it's too bad the join command is not better implemented, since it would" b'avoid using all those stupid drive letters. i realize that messdos was' b'meant for casual, even ignorant users, so "mounting" all the drives in' b'one file tree might be confusing. but, it looks like ms is going to carry' b'this over into windows nt (another os meant for casual, even igorant' b"users not!). with all it's old family system baggage, maybe ms needs" b'a recovery group so they can get on with life b'' b'--' b'aspen technology group uucp: {uunet}!csn!atglab!jls' b'po box ft. collins, co voice: b'' 