b'' b'i think most of the people posting are forgetting that most users' b'of ms products do not even know about internet, and unix is that' b'very unfriendly place where bizzare abreviations replace the rather' b'comfortable abreviations they know. and the abreviations have subtle' b'differences between the different vendors. while pc users tend to' b'customize any windowing setup, they can not do much with their' b'command line.' b'' b"you can't customize a command line interface? where have you been? i" b'can change the prompt, i can make aliases (so someone like me who is' b'used to say, ls, can type it on my dos machine and still get a' b"directory listing), and under unix, if i don't like the command line" b'interface, i throw it out and get a different one. (csh, bash, ksh,' b'sh, etc...)' b'' b'so to most of the computer users in the world ms product symbolize' b'quality. ms has made their life easier, and more productive and to them' b'that is quality. they do not care about what innovative things ms has' b'done, other than to make their life with a computer one heck of a lot' b'easier. you may know better than most computer users in this world' b'but that will not change their perception.' b'' b'this is true.' b'' b'face it until unix come up with a decent gui that is available to' b'all variations of unix it just will not catch on with the mainstream' b'of computer users. we here on the net are not mainstream computer users.' b'' b'a decent gui for all variations of unix? lessee... what about motif?' b'or the stuff from mit? (twm comes to mind...) those are pretty' b'standard. heck, an xwindows program runs like it likes to all the' b'end user has to really know is how to manipulate the actual windows' b"with the mouse, and since it is a gui, it's *graphical* and a bit" b'easier to figure out. (something the windows people have been pressing' b'down our throats for some time now...)' b'' b'the thing i fear is that there will be a gap between the normal users' b'running windows (all flavors) and the other "power" users running unix' b'and other more advanced oses. at least right now, dos is still pretty' b'much king. i can bring a copy of my latest whiz-bang programming demo' b'over to my friends house, and since we both run dos, he can enjoy it' b'too.' b'' b'' 