b'' b'' b"but i don't want to have to run blasted windows every time i want to delete" b'a tree it is absolutely ludicrous to load a hog like that just to delete' b'some files! it would be like requiring a crane to change the tyre on a car.' b'' b"then why don't you download som of the public domain utilitys the do exactly" b'what you want an shut up.' b'' b'why should he have to? this sort of thing should be included. how about' b"the millions of people who don't have access to pd libraries over networks?" b'' b"just because people can work around it, doesn't mean that something shouldn't" b'be done to remedy the situation.' b'' b'' b"these are perfectly valid points and i agree. i'm glad we (ms) are starting" b'to remedy this situation with dos (and it will get better in future' b'releases). you do need to be aware of some history, however. in the' b"mid-late 80's, ms's point of view was that os/2 was going to take over" b'the world and dos would be phased out. as such, resources for dos' b'(and windows, for that matter) development were mostly redirected to os/2.' b'the theory was to keep just enough resources on dos to support people' b'until they started using os/2, so utilities and such for dos fell by the' b'wayside.' b'' b'then windows hit the market, os/2 flopped (1.x, at least...2.x seems to' b'be doing a little better, but its future is still cloudy), and people either' b'stayed with their dos (3.x and 4.x) apps or moved to windows. about that' b'point in time, ms made its decision to drop os/2 for dos/windows in the' b'short term and windows/nt in the long term. dos much improved over dos' b"3.x and 4.x, was the first result of ms's refocussing on dos and windows." b'version takes things somewhat further and i suspect future versions will' b'offer even more in terms of "real" os features (i work on nt and have no' b'real clue about what my coworkers over in dosland are doing, but i do' b'know that there are a heck of a lot more of them than there were a' b'few years ago).' b'' b'...dave' b'' b"of course these are my opinions. if you want ms's opinions, as a pr person." 