b'' b'date: may gmt' b"by night i'm an amiga user. by day i work with windows. i'd be much more" b'comfortable in windows if i had two things.' b'' b'1. a good personal information manager. you know- a calendar, address book,' b'reminder list etc... rolled into one clean interface.' b'' b'2. a good file manager. microsofts is very poor by my standards. how' b'about one that has a left and right window and allows file operations' b'between them. being able to launch programs from the same interface' b'would be nice. as well as text reading and graphics viewing. those' b"who are familiar with directory opus on the amiga know what i'm" b'looking for.' b'i have written the file manager hfm, wich has two windows which compare' b'the files in two directorys to find out wether there are equal or' b'similar files. the most important operations, copy, move, delete,' b'show the file, start a progam, navigate in the directory tree can be' b'invoked by dragging a directory entry with the mouse. this is very' b'convenient, because the selection of the file and the operation to' b'be performed, occur in one move. for bitmap graphic viewing the' b'program vpic can be integrated, for spreadsheat and database files' b'i use the view program from pctools hfm can be configured to' b'use arbitrary viewers to show special data formats. it does' b'also present archives from pkzip etc. as simulated subdirectorys.' b'this filemanager has a somewhat non standart user interface, but' b'it is very convienient to use and is the prefered file manager' b'in several labs in our university.' b"the drawback of this filemanager is, it's still a dos program and" b'the development of a windows version has not yet begun. i use the' b'program package run18.zip, where run tells its windows companion' b'sched.exe which windows program should be started. in this way you' b'can start a windows program from a dosbox. the new version b'(to be released soon) includes a new command for automating this' b'windows program start.' b'ftp archives for the mentioned programs (all these archives have several' b'mirror sites)' b'simtel oak.oakland.edu b'/filutl/hfm318.zip' b'/gif/vpic60e.zip' b'garbo garbo.uwasa.fi b'/dirutil/hfm318.zip' b'cica ftp.cica.indiana.edu b'/util/run18.zip' b'-' b'' b'andreas helke, molekulare genetik, universitaet heidelberg, germany' b'the header of this posting does not contain a valid smtp mail address.' 