b'' b': i agree. no one ever definitively met my challenge-- only batted around' b': semantics. oh well, i guess things did turn out as i expected.' b'' b': hmmm. i gave two examples which matched your objective criteria, and your' b": response was some subjective claptrap about them being 'lame'. you never" b': did counter the fact that those examples fit your objective criteria.' b'' b'i repeat. what are they? you mentioned what you tried to present as' b'innovative, but what new concept was brought to market? an efficient' b'basic? basic existed before, and efficiency is not original either.' b'ole? what new concept does that bring? document oriented computing?' b"the mac had that before msw. you simply haven't made your point-- the" b'burden of proof is upon you.' b'' b'my *exact* challenge-- what new computing concept has ms brought to' b'market first? nothing more, nothing less. explain how your examples' b'fit that criterion.' b'' b'hmm...has anyone of us computer geeks (me included) ever consider' b'that inovation is not limited to software/hardware. true, ms' b'products do not boast features that ms invented, but how many products' b'out there by other vendors out there are truely innovative in' b'their continuing development?' b'' b'i think what makes ms special to the public is thier innovative pricing.' b'it is true the xwindows/mac/next all have some feature(s) in thier gui' b"that are better than ms. but people like me can't afford them." b'it is true that apple has lower their pricing on the low end models..' b'but they are just that...low end. system is a better operating' b'system, but the machines they operate on just are too expensive for' b'my tastes...a unix platform is powerful enuf, but tell the common' b'user to set up .xdefault (i am still confused on what some of them things' b'do) and they either puke or faint.' b'' b'if u think about it, low prices aint innovative if u come down to it. but' b'for the product it offers and on the lower cost (and powerful hardware' b'that it runs on as compare to macs)....ms is kinda innovative..' b'' b'oh yea, i guess the fact that the support products and applications' b'they have garnered for mswindows does make them kinda innovative too..' b'' b'' b'' b'dixon d. ly' b'electrical and electronic engineering, cal poly slo' 