b'' b'' b'windows shareware monthly (wsm) is an on-line forum for information about the' b'newest and best windows 3.x and nt shareware/freeware software.' b'' b'wsm is a compilation of submissions from shareware/freeware authors in a single' b'windows .hlp (help system) file. all types of software may be submitted for' b'entry in wsm utilities, applications, games, programming tools, etc.' b'' b'wsm benefits windows shareware/freeware authors by allowing them to publicize' b'their software releases, inform users of updated versions, and to increase' b'their installed base of users. those searching for specific windows software' b'will benefit by having a complete list of available software available at their' b'fingertips complete with feature lists, current prices, and any other' b'relevant information.' b'' b'windows software authors may submit entries to windows shareware monthly in the' b'following manner:' b'' b'1. compose a short summary of the function of the software. include all' b'special features which are unique to your product and which set it apart' b'from other programs in the genre. be sure to include specific details' b'such as: the current release version, where the software is available,' b'how much the registration fee costs, how much disk space is required, any' b'special requirements (e.g. sound card, or vbrun200.dll, etc.), how the' b'author may be contacted, etc. because text is highly compressible, the' b'summary may be as long as is necessary, however, it is best to keep it' b'short. a good guideline is a single screenful of 12-point text at 640x480' b'resolution. order forms and other such addendum may be included if desired.' b'all submissions whould be in plain text (ascii) format. formatting will' b'be exactly as it is submitted i will simply cut and paste text files' b'into a help authoring system. if you require special formatting' b'conventions such as boldface text or italics, or a larger font size,' b'indicate so clearly within the text file. for best results, use windows' b'notepad to create the .txt file.' b'' b'2. include up to 100k of windows-format .bmp (bitmap) screen-shots which' b'display the workings or special features of each program. special cases' b'(rendering applications for example) which require 256-color bitmaps may' b'submit up to 250k of .bmp files all other should observe the 100k limit' b'and use 16-color format. for maximum compatiblity with the software which' b"will be used to create the wsm .hlp file (stefan olson's help writer's" b'assistant for windows), please save the bitmaps with windows paintbrush or' b'wingif.' b'' b"3. include a 16-color .bmp of the program's icon (.ico file). many programs" b'are available to convert .ico to .bmp format, or windows paintbrush may be' b'used. the .bmp will be embedded in the summary text.' b'' b'4. double-check for spelling errors, formatting corrections, etc.' b'' b'5. compress the .txt file, the .bmp of the program icon, and any additional' b'.bmps into a single file using pkzip (any version).' b'' b'6. submit the entry by uuencoding the .zipfile, and e-mailing it to:' b'' b'' b'if submitting via the internet or compuserve. if submitting via america' b'online, send a brief message indicating submission, and append the .zip' b'file, then e-mail to:' b'' b'diegoaa' b'' b'7. if any changes are required, or a new version is released, complete' b'' b'all entries received before the deadline will be included in the subsequent' b'edition of wsm. the editor will not be held responsible for any errors, and' b'we reserve the right to make changes to the entries.' b'' b'wsm is not limited to shareware/freeware software. a special area will be' b'devoted to commercially available windows 3.x and nt software. commercial' b'software authors should follow the same steps above, with the exception of' b'the limitations on size the .txt file and .bmps may be as large as required' b'(and as large as is practical for transmission over phone lines). there' b'is no charge for the publishing of either shareware/freeware or commercial' b'product entries.' b'' b'advertisements for computer hardware, software, bulletin boards, etc. may' b'be submitted as well. again, the same procedures apply, with the exception of' b'the size limitations. there is no charge for advertising space. the first' b'ten advertisements submitted each month will be included; subsequent' b'submissions will not be included due to size constraints.' b'' b'wsm is currently looking for persons willing to devote the time to author' b'columns within wsm. a c/c++ programing section, a visual basic section, and' b'two windows-specific opinion/advice columns are envisioned. all work will' b'be on a voluntary basis. if you wish to aid wsm and author a monthly column' b'diegoaa on america online.' b'' b'the first edition of wsm will be distributed may 1st via america online,' b'compuserve, and the internet. the deadline for submissions is april 28th.' b'the first edition filename will be wsm-1.zip, with each subsequent monthly' b'release continuing in the series naming convention (wsm-2.zip, etc.). each' b'edition will be released on the first of each month, and the deadline for' b'submission will be at least three days before release.' b'' b'' 