b'' b'' b'' b'...' b'' b'again, not true. the characters in a tt or type font depend on the' b"maker. if someone converts a type font to tt they'll only get the" b'characters in the font of orgin. tt allows for much more flexibility' b'in this area as well. you can have thousands of glyphs in a tt font' b'file (mac/ps/windows/unicode char set) and use the characters' b'appropriate for the particular platform you are running the font on.' b'' b'well, yes, both type and truetype fonts can contain lots of characters.' b'and in both cases plain text fonts will be reencoded to windows ansi' b'in windows, and to mac standard roman encoding on the mac.' b'no difference there between t1 and tt!' b'' b'and as for fonts with thousands of glyphs, right know these are a liabiliaty' b'rather than a great new thing. reason is that a font with characters' b'is very large, and if you can only access of them you are paying a heavy' b'price in downloading time and printer storage. (and at the moment there' b"is only one program of that uses `partial font downloading')" b'' b'for instance, all or our fontpack tt fonts have the mac/windows' b'char set in them. the metrics of the fonts are such that if the font' b'is brought over to the mac the user will have access to the full mac' b'char set.' b'' b"yes and t1 text fonts all have the `iso adobe' character set, which is" b'a superset of windows ansi and macintosh standard roman enocding.' b'' b'the question is whether you can get at the glyphs. in windows, for example,' b"you cannot get at the ligatures `fi' anfd `fl' (both t1 and tt)even though a" b'font may very well have them.' b'' b'and, while it is somewhat painful to reencode a type font and to create a' b'new windows metric file (pfm) for it, there are utilities out there to allow' b'you do this. how do i reencode a truetype font? how can i get at the' b"`fi' and `fl' ligatures in windows (or on the mac)? are there utilities" b'that make it possible to circumvent the hard-wired windows ansi encoding?' b'' b'' b' regards, 1001-a east harmony road' b' bob niland suite b' compuserve: b'' b'' b'berthold k.p. horn' b'cambridge, massachusetts, usa' 