b'' b'[stuff deleted]' b'' b'more on permenent swap files...' b'' b"i'm sure everyone who has an uncompressed part of their compressed hard disk" b'has seen the message "you have selected a swap file greater than the suggested' b"size...windows will only use the size suggested...do you wan't to create this" b'swap file anyway" or something like that.' b'' b'well, a friend of mine (robert) called microsoft and asked them what and why.' b'what they said is that windows checks the amount of free disk space and' b'divides that number by then it checks for the largest contiguous block' b'of free disk space. windows then suggests the smaller of the two numbers.' b'' b'they also said that under absolutely no circumstances...none!...will windows' b"uses a swap file larger than the suggested size. well...that's what he" b'said!' b'' b"available to me if it's not going to use it?" b'' b'any takers?' b'' b'james' b'' b'well, someone at microsoft told you wrong. windows will use a swap file' b'larger than the recommended size. last summer i went to a microsoft' b'windows technical workshop and they distributed a lot of information' b'that the general public might not be aware of. anyway in the main book' b'they handed out they have a section on "creating larger than recommended' b'swapfile". i\'ll quote the information' b'' b'if you create a permanent swapfile larger than the recommended size, you' b'will receive a message telling you that windows will not use anything' b'larger than the recommended size. this error message is incorrect, we' b'will allow the use of the larger swapfile, up to four times the amount' b'of ram on your machine.' b'' b'so as you see, microsoft does know that the information is incorrect. you' b'probably just ran into some doofball who was new on the job and was only' b'telling you what little he knew.' b'' b'be that what it may, i would really suggest to everyone to take the' b"opportunity to go to these technical workshops. they aren't actually" b'incredibly in-depth, but you do get a lot of material about bugs and' b'optimization straight from those in the know. besides that they offer' b'you huge discounts on software. if i remember correctly, you could pick' b'up word excel or whatever their presentation program is for b'that is the full blown version, not an upgrade or educational version. you' b'could also pick up microsoft office for or something like that. myself' b'i sprang for word.' b'' b'well, hope that was helpful to someone. and besides that i hope someone' b'will go to a workshop and save a little money.' b'' b'and if anyone at microsoft is reading this i really love your products.' b'i need a job once i graduate also, can we work something out? b'' b'thanks,' b'brent casavant' b'' 