b'' b'' b'two-part question:' b'' b"1) what is windows nt a 'real' windows os?" b'' b"2) this past weekend, a local 'hacker' radio show metioned a new product" b" from microsoft called 'chicago' if i recall. anyone know what this is?" b'' b'that is it b'' b'thanks a heap.' b'' b'- alan' b'' b'windows nt is a giant windows operating system. unline win3.1, it does not' b'run on top of dos. it is its own os, with (billy gates assures us) true' b'multi-tasking/multithreading, meets dod security specs, will run win3.1' b'programs as well as dos programs, has multi-processor support, and is' b"primarily a server program. it's overhead is too high for it to be" b'economical for most users.' b'' b'it also runs os/2 character based apps and posix apps. the dos, 16bit' b'and bit windows apps run in a windows bit subsystem.' b'' b'if you consider the fact that nt has:' b'the lanman redirectors,' b'built in support for tcp/ip' b'built in support for netbeui' b'comes with tcp utils like ping and an ftp client, etc' b'applications like schedule+ and a bit version of msmail' b'' b'the storage argument isnt an issue.' b'' b' speaking of overhead, it requires at least a with megs of ram.' b"it iwll run with but that's like running os/2 with megs. and that's" b'just to run it. also, i have heard that the system files take up megs,' b'and it is recommended that your drive be a half gig! the skd is distributed' b'on cd-rom.' b'' b'' b'i ran it on a with 8mram and it did a ton of disk swapping, with a 19m' b'virtual memory paging file. it functioned but it crawled. (this was the oct' b'build)' b'' b'i upgraded the machine to 16m and the performance is good,' b'at that point i installed the march build. consider they' b'are probably still working on the feature set, and havent done a lot of fine' b'tuning to the code yet.' b'' b'chicogo is what i want to use. it is, like nt, a true os with thrue' b'multitasking and multithreading, but has much smaller hardware requirements,' b"and does not meet dod security specs (but that's okay since it will probably" b'be more of a client os). there are a few otehr differences, but those are the' b'main ones. there was an article about chicogo in pc week last august.' b' the chicogo and nt development groups at micro$oft are in intense' b'competition, so it is said. however, i think a different relationship will' b'arise: nt will be the server (*n*etowrk *t*echonology), chicogo will be the' b"client machine. it is entirely possible for different os's to work together," b'partly because chicogo is just a small nt (think of it that way, anyway).' b"(novell netware creates an os on the server that is truly not dos, so don't" b'scorn the concept.)' b" anyway, don't expect it soon. windows and dos are supposed to be" b"released next year (read: see it in so i expect that chicogo won't be out" b"til b'' b'i have little info on chicago so i cant make a comparison. is it in beta? is' b'there anyone out there who has tested both and cares to make a comparison?' b'just my b'' b'/aln' 