b'' b'' b'as the subjects says, windows keeps crashing (givinh me gpf) on me of' b'late. it was never a very stable package, but now it seems to crash every' b'day. the worst part about it is that it does not crash consistently: ie i' b"can't reproduce crashes, and they are not always gpf's in the same" b'application. sometimes i can recover by simply closing the application' b'that caused an error, but other times, windows acts very strange, and i' b'need to re-boot.' b'' b'some background: i have a leading edge 486sx25 with phoenix bios. when i' b'first got it it had 4mg of memory. it ran windows fine (not too many' b"gpf's). then, a couple of weekends ago, i installed lotus for windows" b'(with atm), a game card and an additional 1mg simms. the leading edge' b'machine is kind of strange, in that it has the ide controler built into' b'the motherboard, the cpu is actually on a sparate board that plugs into' b'the motherboard and the simms it uses are macintosh simms! apparently i' b'was told that the leading edge had the parity bit built into the mother' b'board. the original 4mg 80ns simms where of the chip variety from' b'samsung, and the ones i installed are chip simms. they are recognized' b'fine by the bios ram check. the game card is a generic gamecard.' b'' b'the reason why i mention the hardware like this is that sometimes' b'rebooting the machine using the reset button or ctl-alt-del still leaves' b"the machine kind of flaky, but turning it on and off doesn't." b'' b"i haven't tried taking out the ram or the game card, because as i said" b'these gpf are not reproducible at will. i have gone through and entire' b"day using the computer with no problems and then i might get or so gpf's" b'in the sppace of minutes?' b'' b'what can i do. this situation is most annoying... are there any good' b'diagnostic tools for hardware? do you think that this might be a software' b"problem (ie emm386 etc.)? if it helps, i have manage to get gpf's on after" b'dark, quicken, paint shop pro. a lot of them have been in user.exe or' b'gdi.exe.' b'' b'any help is truly appreciated.....' b'' b'-eric' b'' 