b'' b'while there are too many ps clones to count, some of which are quite poor,' b'trying to clone something that goes through regular modifications does require' b'some patience. three questions come to mid real quick for something like' b'this.' b'' b'q:\twhich version of adobe ps will we clone?' b'aside from the level and level issues, adobe has in the past released' b'new code that incorporates modifications/upgrades/fixes just as all other' b'software vendors do. the level stuff may seem sound now, but i assure' b'you,changes will become more frequent as their customer list begins to' b'dwindle in the face of competition. this allows them to shift people to' b'maintenance, as well as design efforts for level b'' b'q:\tdo we duplicate the bugs, or do we make it work correctly?' b'from the laserwriter to the laserjet there have been bugs. (if i had' b"a number to call at hp or adobe, they'ld have heard from me.) deciding" b'which approach to take depends on which printer you want to emulate.' b'' b"q:\tdo we follow the red book, or do we follow someone's implementation?" b"without a doubt, there are differences between the red book and adobe's" b'ps. with level many issues have been refined but the red book does' b'leave big, big holes in the implementation specific stuff. it would be' b'nice it the red bood at least pined things down enough so that two' b"different implementations of adobe's ps don't do the exact opposite given" b'an identical set of conditions.' b'' b'q:\tpscript.drv?' b'having done a lot of ps clone testing myself, the unfortunate side of' b'testing is the limited number of sources for test files. the primary' b'source we use is genoa. and having characterizes their ps ats files,' b'(1300+ of them) over half are taken from pscript.drv. it may not ideal,' b"but the ats files are what the printer vendors use. i'm sure that adobe" b"uses them too, but adobe's output is by definition correct, even if its" b'wrong.' b'' b"yes, there are some very poor clones. we've seen them here at rastek (a sub" b'of genicom which has its own clone called geniscript). some are poor for lack' b'of design, some are poor because they followed the red book, and some are poor' b"because the vendors don't know what ps is." b'' 