b'' b'\tahh, yes, this is a fun topic. no, once the name is incribed on the' b'disk, that is it, it is encoded. not even a hex editor will find it. you can' b'' b'but a disk compare utility (old versus new) will. and windows is' b'also flexible enough at install time that you can copy all the files' b'onto your hard disk, which greatly speeds things up and makes them' b'less annoying, if you can spare the or so compressed megs.' b'' b'write over the "licensed to:", but you can\'t change the name underneth it. i' b"think if you wish to change this you would have to be a pirate, and we're not" b'going to promote that here.' b'' b"no, we're not. but we're also not going to promote pandering to" b"corporate paranoia when the real issue is convenience. i don't *like*" b'dealing with floppies. personally, i have no use for changing the' b'registration info, but i see it as a valid need, and one that ought to' b'be solved using a quick little utility rather than a half-hour' b"reinstall that's just about guaranteed to mess up your settings in one" b'way or another.' b'' b"so, while i'm not going to put much time into it myself, here's the" b'procedure for getting on your way to finding the encoded information:' b'' b'1. copy all your windows disks into the directory from which you want' b"to install it. i've been using c:\\winstall myself." b'' b'2. from there, copy that directory to something like c:\\winorig.' b'' b'3. install from c:\\winstall.' b'' b'4. comp the two directories to determine changes.' b'i.e., comp \\winorig\\*.* \\report.txt' b'' b'5. look in the report file for the file(s) that change. assuming' b"they didn't cover themselves covering their own tracks, at least one" b'file should have a difference noted at a particular offset. locate' b"said offset in the original directory and see what's there using a hex" b'editor, and do the same for the modified one.' b'' b"6. you're on your own as far as breaking the code goes; i don't" b"really do cryptography. it's probably just an xor key or something; i" b'think ms is more concerned with joe schmoe at the office personalizing' b'his copy than with "real pirates" who will probably just disassemble' b'the damned thing anyway. this technique should work with just about' b'any obnoxious corporate product that tries to write to the original' b'floppies when you install; in some extreme cases you may not be able' b'to back the floppies up to hard disk, and will be stuck doing a' b'compare on floppies (lotus stuff is probably like that).' b'' b'as i noted before, if you can afford the space on the hard disk, and' b"don't do much in the way of customization, reinstalling from one" b'directory to another may be less arduous. doing some of the stuff' b"i've mentioned here may well void your license with microsoft, as if" b"they'd ever find out. if you aren't careful with the disk editor, you" b"could also mung something important... duh. i guess that's a" b'disclaimer.' b'' b'have at it....' b'' b'rob' b'--' b'light blue right bondage r.e.m. dtp steely dan ds9 fnm owl genesis in the' b'spaceship, the silver spaceship, the lion takes control.....' 