b'' b' has anyone used a hercules graphite adapter? it looks good on paper, and' b" steve gibson gave it a very good review in infoworld. i'd love to get a" b' real-world impression, though how is the speed? drivers? support?' b'' b' the pc world reviewers found out that the herc people had hard-coded' b' winbench text into the driver. clever, no? in any case, the winbench' b' results are pretty much inflated.' b'' b'two things that annoyed me about the pc magazine review:' b'' b'1. their benchmarking technique is seriously flawed, as was clearly shown' b'by the graphite and #9gxe\'s "cheating". can\'t they just admit that' b'their benchmark is to easy to optimize for and/or cheat on? wintach' b'is much harder to beat...' b'' b'2. the big "cheat" that hercules/iit used was overlappipping bitblit and' b"polyline optimization, and hercules sent them a new driver which didn't" b'do this but produced almost identical scores. yet, the only thing' b'pc magazine says is that scores are not "legitimate" couldn\'t they' b'at least make some comment about its real-world performance?' b'' b"i'm not so much going by winbench for performance, but, rather, by steve" b"gibson's results, which are more real-world based (like using micrografx" b'draw to benchmark). if you believe gibson, that is he writes:' b'' b'"despite these documented cheats, i have to say that in real-world' b'applications the hercules graphite adapter actually draws faster than' b"any other display adapter in the industry. even though it's" b'just a modest isa bus card, it outperformed every local bus adapter i' b'have, including the stealth vlb, the fahrenheit 1280va/vlb, the' b'ati vlb mach32 and even the weitek p9000-based diamond viper vlb."' b'' b'this kind of praise is enough for me to be interested in it, bogus winbench' b'or not! b'' b' when and if you get one send me mail.. i might buy that ati gu+ off' b' you.. b'' b'i already returned the ati gu+. my dealer had sold eight of them, and' b"seven were returned to him. i'm now (temporarily) back to running an" b'original ati gu, until i get my graphite. and, yes, the gu is faster in' b"my mb system than the gu+, especially in bitmap handling (that's where" b'you use bitblits).' b'' b'hercules has a promotion available for vars and software developers: you' b'can buy one graphite or graphite vlb for off list to try it out. at' b'just for graphite or for the vlb version i decided it was worth' b"trying (i'm supposed to get the vlb board within two weeks). i'll post" b'my impressions when i get it...' b'' b'--' b'[ "stick your index fingers into both corners of your mouth. now pull b'[ up. that\'s how the corrado makes you feel." car, january 