b'' b'hi,' b' have you used mac system 6.x or 7.x? if the answer is positive, you would' b'know if ms-windows is a "mature" os.' b'' b' days ago people doubted that ms-windows is not a real os. i can see why' b'they have such question. ms-windows confuses many people. microsoft' b'' b'[common complaints about ms windows deleted...]' b'' b'jesse' b'' b'hmmmm, why do i get the feeling that this is gonna start one of' b'those endless threads \'mac vs win" and might even end up as "os/2 vs win".' b'well, i dont know if windows is a mature os, if i have seen one (in which' b'case that has to be x-windows but dont be so quick to judge...' b'first of all to try to use plain vanilla windows is as courageous as to try' b'to use plain vanilla dos. there are _lots_ of very nice commercial and' b'shareware packages/utilities that will boost up windows past what ms itself' b'thought possible for example, norton desktop for windows (a replace-' b'ment for progman) will give you group-within-a-group capability and will' b'even change group icons, it will launch progs by association (well, fileman' b'does that too) or by dragging the file in the apps icon (now mac doesnt do' b'that, huh? and the list goes on and on... now, windows _is_ kinda' b'hard to finetune, boost and configure, but thats trhe price to pay for not' b'paying to get a mac or an os/2 capable machine (an entirely differet' b"story on the other hand if you dont like the idea of pm's icons" b'not correspnding to the files themselves, well they are not supposed to b'pm is a program _launching_ utility not a file manager... modify your' b'settings to have fm as your shell and not pm, or get a couple of utilities' b"from cica that supposedly give you a 'mac feel'... i dont wanna get in the" b"discussion which is a better system: mac's are good in their own way they" b'are _different_ not better or worse than win pcs-- (actually i am writing' b'this from a mac lab as a user assistant so dont think i am partial to win:) b'by all means check out the stuff in cica (ftp to ftp.cica.indiana.edu under' b"the pub/pc/win3 subdir user: anonymous), or wait for startrek (mac's os on" b'a pc the threads we are gonna have then b'just trying to avoid another mac-win war...' b'' b'' b'--' b'costas malamas b'georgia institute of technology' b"oit ua opinions expressed are not necessarily oit's..." 