b'' b'' b' somewhere in this thread, it has been said that windows nt (tm) is a' b" multi-user os, as well as multi-threading, etc. i certainly haven't" b' seen this to be the case. there are seperate accounts for each person,' b" and even seperate directories if that is desired. i don't see an" b' implentation of simultaneuos use though.' b'' b'\t\t scott' b'' b'it certainly is multi-user. what i have seen from the march beta is' b"that it doesn't yet come with the stuff which exploits multi-user" b"features. i remember somebody from ms stating that it doesn't allow" b'two users share one gui. my interpretation of this was that one user' b'per console but all the networking and rpc based stuff you want.' b'' b'i believe ftp and rlogin deamons for nt systems will come from third' b'party. somebody already has a beta version of an unsecure ftpd on the' b'net. there is no reason why one cannot write a posix based shell like' b'csh on unix for remote logins.' b'' b'in general i liked nt when i checked it out. it slow compared to' b'win3.1 (just like any other real os). the beta version, although being' b'slow, botts up much faster than my sun workstation. windows subsystems' b'also start up a lot faster than x windows. i believe bill gates was' b'right when he stated that nt was not for everybody. after playing' b'around with it for a while i was convinced. if i owned a busines using' b'a "business computer" from ibm or some other established vendor, i' b'would consider moving to nt platform because it would provide a much' b'cheaper solution (if you are running sql servers etc.). it provides' b'the robustness such an application requires.' b'' b'on the other hand if you like your dos games, more or less forget' b'about nt. you can always boot to dos but in general that defeats' b"the purpose of using nt. most of nt's features are visible in a" b"networked environment and in such an environment you can't reboot your" b'machine at will. for personal use, i would rather wait for the win32' b'based windows release (whatever you name it) than jump to nt bandwagon.' b'i expect most applications will keep on using win16 until win32' b'becomes widely available.' b'' b'--' b'sadun anik, u of illinois at urbana-champaign' b'center for reliable and high-performance computing' 