b'' b'' b' the risc means "reduced instruction set computer". the risc usually has' b'small instruction set so as to reduce the circuit complex and can increase' b'the clock rate to have a high performance. you can read some books about' b'computer architecture for more information about risc.' b' hmm... not that i am an authority on risc but i clearly remember' b' reading that the instruction set on risc cpus is rather large.' b' the difference is in addressing modes risc instruction sets are not' b' as orthogonal is cisc.' b'' b"there are some things you might be interested to know about today's risc" b'processors. it is true that there are fewer instructions, but what is' b'not commonly known is that this causes the size of your executables to' b'swell, so that in some cases performance is similar for larger applications.' b'as a compromise, many risc processors today are actually a cross between' b'a reduced instructions set, and a complex one.' b'' b'this is not to say that there is no future in cisc processors, intel has' b'certainly proved that.' b'' b'what i want to know, is what does this have to do with this group?' b'' b'-dave' b'' b'' b'' b'newsgroups: comp.unix.dos-under-unix,comp.sys.ibm.pc.misc,comp.sys.ibm.pc.net,comp.os.ms-windows.apps,comp.os.ms-windows.misc,alt.uu.comp.os.linux.questions,comp.apps.spreadsheets,comp.misc,alt.os.linux,comp.os.linux,man.linux' b'' b'' b'dear friend,' b' the risc means "reduced instruction set computer". the risc usually has' b'small instruction set so as to reduce the circuit complex and can increase' b'the clock rate to have a high performance. you can read some books about' b'computer architecture for more information about risc.' b'' b' hmm... not that i am an authority on risc but i clearly remember' b' reading that the instruction set on risc cpus is rather large.' b' the difference is in addressing modes risc instruction sets are not' b' as orthogonal is cisc.' b'' b' b' b" some people say it's fun, but i think it's very serious. b' b'--' b'dave siegel (ds4)' b'president, rtd systems and networking, inc.' b'president, uofaz hardware and computing knowledge society (hacks)' 