b'' b'anyway, is anyone aware of a comparitive study of the two programs?' b'or can someone just give me their own personal impressions? maybe' b'' b'pc magazine, january had a review of several personal finance' b'management programe, as did pc-computing, january pc world,' b'december also had articles about quicken and managing your money.' b"i can email you copies of these articles if you can't find them at your" b'library.' b'' b"i've been using managing your money for several years, and i have" b"several friends who use quicken, though i've not used it myself. my" b'overall impression is that quicken is a financial accounts manager' b'while managing your money will help you more completely manage your' b'finances.' b'' b'here are some features that i believe managing your money and quicken share:' b'' b'the ability to keep records for each of your financial accounts:' b'checking, savings, charge, cash, or brokerage. you can reconcile' b'your account statements with the records the program keeps.' b'' b'the ability to make a budget and track your spending against that' b'budget.' b'' b'a checkfree module which will allow you to use the checkfree bill' b'paying service to pay your bills via your modem.' b'' b'the ability to print checks on your printer.' b'' b'the ability to keep loan records and set up automatic loan payments.' b'' b'the ability to import stock quotations to keep your brokerage accounts' b'up to date. i know managing your money can do this automatically' b"via modem. quicken probably can as well, but i'm not sure about it." b'' b'the ability to export tax information to popular tax preparation' b'programs.' b'' b'' b'here are some features that i believe managing your money has that' b'quicken does not:' b'' b'a tax prediction module. this looks at your accounts and budget to' b"predict your tax liability for the coming year. it's usefull to fine" b"tune your withholding so uncle sam doesn't get his due too early." b'' b'an insurance and vital records module. this is a place to keep' b'records of your insurance policies as well as other vital records.' b'it can also compute your life expectancy.' b'' b'a financial analysis module. this computes compound interest,' b'effects of inflation, loan payments term or interest, yield to' b'maturity for bonds, savings account yields, days between dates, and' b'loan amortization schedules. it also has functions to help you' b'decide whether to refinance your mortgage, whether you can afford' b'a particular home, whether a particular rental property is a good' b'investment, whether you should buy lease or rent, and whether' b"a particular investment's cash flow is adequate for your situation." b'this module can also help you plan for retirement and for helping' b'your kids with their tuition.' b'' b'a net worth module. this is a place to record all your assets' b'and liabilities. your net worth can be computed from this' b'information. any assets or liabilities recorded in other modules' b'are automatically included here.' b'' b'a "desk" module. this includes a small word processor, a card file' b'you can use to store names, addresses, phone numbers and other vital' b'information about friends and associates, a perpetual calander, a' b'rudimentary calculator, a to-do list, a reminder list, an appointment' b'list, and a place to record your phone calls (for those who need to' b'track such things). your appointments, reminders and to-do list' b'can be made to display automatically when you start the program.' b'' b"there are probably some things listed above that quicken has, but i'm almost" b"sure that quicken doesn't do everything i've listed. if i'm wrong, i'm sure" b'hordes of quicken devotees will flame me to a crisp.' b'' b'one thing that quicken has that managing your money does not yet have is a' b'windows version. meca software is rumored to be working on a windows version' b'of managing your money for release late this year.' b'' b"i hope this information is of use to you. i've found managing your money to" b'be a very usefull program for keeping my financial records. on the other hand' b'i know many people who are equally as happy with quicken. if quicken has all' b"the features you need or want, i'd go with it. if you find any of the managing" b"your money features that quicken doesn't have to be useful, i think it's well" b'worth the price.' 