b'' b'' b'btw, how would you rate the new "borland turbo c++ visual edition for' b'windows," anyone?' b'' b'time for a new discussion, maybe i asked in these groups some time ago' b'what about the tc++/ve, and got no answers, so i decided to try. my brother' b"who lives in the us bought and sent it to me, and i'm still trying to get" b'used to it.' b'' b'before i put my good/bad points list, consider i am a turbo pascal/dos' b'programmer, and sometimes try to make something in unix with c (just' b'some exercises from university). i used to make some programs in' b'microsoft c version because we used some third-party libraries' b'that required that.' b'- i like borland. it seems to me much more easier to use than microsoft,' b'specially the debugger. i tried to learn codeview sometimes, but never' b'felt confortable with it.' b'- tc++ v/e seems very nice to create simple apps, like the examples on the' b'objectwindows book. so far, no problems. lets see next week or so, when i' b'will try something more complex.' b'- it works nice even in my "weak" machine 386/16mhz, mb ram.' b'' b'but.....' b'' b'- the manual for the resource workshop seems to be from a different version' b'from the workshop itself. some of the windows that appear on the manual' b'have more itens than in the manual.' b'- i think i will run into trouble since i got this tc++/ve from my brother' b'as a present. i didnt wanted to buy the japanese version because i' b'suspect that the manuals will be in japanese and i believe it' b'will be far more expensive here. so he bought it as a present and sent to' b'me, i send the registration card to the japanese branch of borland, but...' b'who knows.' b'' b"so, i'd like to ask some questions for you all;" b'' b'- i know that there are some microsoft guys around here in this group. is' b'there anybody from borland is there any e-mail address that we can' b'contact the technical support not for stupid questions, but to ask' b'for example, why the rw manual seems to be different from the rw itself b'- is there anybody else using it around here b'- will the book of petzold be useful for me i intend to use rw and protogen' b'to make the interfaces and then work on the code itself.' b'' b'answers to my e-mail or comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.tools, please.' b'' b'thanks in advance,' b'' b'rafael.' b'' b'' 