b'' b'thanks to all those people who recommended workspace managers for' b"windows i found shareware workspace managers, from australia's" b'ms-windows archive (monu6.cc.monash.edu.au), which mirrors some' b'sites in the u.s. the three i found were:' b'' b'1. workspaces (wspace.zip)' b'this was the smallest and simplest' b'of the workspace managers that i found. it is very easy to use.' b'it displays a small window, containing buttons, plus an extra' b'button for configuration purposes. one annoying feature was the' b'title window that is first presented when it is run you must press' b'a key (not a mouse button!) for the thing to go away. also, it would' b'have been nice if there was an "always on top" setting for the little' b'window containing the workspace buttons. maybe some user-specified' b'strings on the buttons instead of the numbers one to six might be' b'a nice feature. the simplicity and ease of use of this workspace' b'manager makes it an attractive package.' b'' b'2. workshift (wrksft16.zip)' b'while this workspace manager offered a' b'few features that workspaces lacked, it was quite time consuming' b'to set things up. with workspaces all but the first workspace' b'is initially empty. with workshift you need to take "snapshots"' b'of how you want each of your workspaces to look like i.e. what' b'applications they contain. also, the main window is quite large,' b'but this does allow you to have a small view of what is in each workspace.' b'with workspaces there was no facility for viewing what was in' b'a workspace without switching to it. workshift provides this' b'viewing functionality which is quite useful.' b'' b'3. bigdesk and backmenu (backdesk.zip)' b'this is an interesting package, which contains' b'a few other goodies as well as a workspace manager. other goodies' b'include "backmenu", which provides a pop-up root menu when you' b'press a certain mouse button just like in x-windows. the menu' b'is totally configurable, offering unlimited depth of cascading menus,' b'which is provides quite handy access to applications. you could' b'say it is a menu-based alternative to the program manager. also' b'bundled in "backdesk.zip" is a program called "wrun", which allows' b'you to run windows applications from a dos shell under windows' b'instead of using the file manager to run applications.' b'the actual workspace manager is called bigdesk bigdesk works quite' b'differently to the other two workspace managers in that it' b"doesn't provide a certain number of disjoint and separate workspaces." b'in fact, it basically enlarges your desktop by a configurable amount,' b'and you choose which region of the desktop you want your screen to' b'focus in on. this means you can have windows overlapping between different' b'viewing regions, unlike the first two workspace managers in which' b'each workspace was isolated from the other one. the bigdesk control window' b'allows to to move windows around your enlarged desktop. basically' b'the control window provides a small scale view of your viewing area' b'while your actual computer screen provides a large scale or blow-up' b'of a particular section.' b'' b'try each of them out for yourself. i was impressed with all of them,' b'so find out which one suits your needs the best.' 