b'' b'keywords: printer' b'date: apr gmt' b'' b'' b"hello fellow 'netters." b'' b'i am asking for your collected wisdom to help me decide which printer i' b'should purchase, the canon bj200 (bubblejet) vs. the hp deskjet i' b'thought, rather than trust the salesperson, i would benefit more from' b'relying on those who use these printers daily and use them to their fullest' b'potential. and, i figure all of you will know their benefits and pitfalls' b'better than any salesperson.' b'' b'now, i would greatly appreciate any information you could render on the b'dpi of the canon bubblejet vs. the hewlett-packard deskjet dpi).' b'which is faster? is there a noticeable print quality difference,' b'particularly in graphics? which will handle large documents better b'pages or more) any personal experience on either will be appreciated' b'here? which works better under windows (any driver problems, etc)?' b'cost of memory, font packages, toner cartridges, etc? basically, your' b'personal experiences with either of these machines is highly desirable,' b'both good and bad.' b'' b'advance kudos and thanks for all your input. e-mail or news posting is' b'readily acceptable, but e-mail is encouraged (limits bandwidth).' b'' b'--' b'sincerely,' b'' b'' b'"in theory, theory and practice are the same. in practice, they are not."' b'"you mean you want the revised revision of the original revised revision' b' revised?!?!"' b'' b'' b"all right. not saying i know any more than the average salesguy, i'll give" b'your question a shot.' b'' b'the key issue that i bought my bj-200 on was ink drying speed. you really' b'have to try awful hard to get the bj-200 ink to smear. the hp deskjets need' b'10-15 seconds to completely dry. in both cases, however, do not get your' b'pages wet. unlike laser printers, the material on your pages is ink, not' b'toner. but that should go without saying.' b'' b'my pc has very little memory (only 2meg ram), so the bj-200 takes a little' b'while to print but every application i use takes a while to run. once' b'the computer is solely printing, it purs like a kitten and puts pages out' b'every seconds, depending on how detailed your graphics are.' b'' b"the bj-200 can do windows soft fonts. i'm assuming that the deskjet can, or" b"hp wouldn't sell many......" b'' b'size is another factor. the bj-200 is much smaller, but the hp is built' b'like a tank. i bet the bj-200 would get damaged first.' b'' b"finally, the print quality. i love the bj-200's resolution. it looks like" b"a good laser quality print. the hp's i've used.....they look like ink. not" b'as impressive.' b'' b'so, i chose the canon. any other opinions?' 