b'' b"i'd appreciate if you can email or post you positive" b'or negative experience with this monitor, especially' b'compared to to nanao 550i.' b"i'd summarize if i got multiple responses." b'' b'i bought a viewsonic for use at home but after a week i took it back. i' b'felt for the money my nec 5fg that i use at work was a much better monitor.' b'the nec is sharper, flatter, less distorted, and more stable. i have heard' b'complaints from people about the nec fg series having some quality control' b'problems but mine has been in use for about a year with no problems at all.' b'' b'there was nothing really broken with the viewsonic but overall it did not' b'match up. i used my ati graphics ultra in setup mode to push the' b'frequencies to their limits and the viewsonic exhibited some problems that' b'the nec did not. i personally like the non-etched nec with the ocli filter' b'and the tube on the was not as nice. the had some uncorrectable' b'pincusion and edge distortion problems. also, it would change brightness' b'when i switched modes and i was constantly having to fiddle with the' b'controls. and the yoke was crooked and i had no way to compensate for the' b'raster that tilted downhill. on the postive side, although not as handsome' b'as the nec, the had a smaller footprint and was not as heavy.' b'' b'i have heard that panasonic owns viewsonic and the model is being sold' b"through oem channels with a panasonic label on it. if it's available that" b'way at a lower cost i could get more serious about it. for now the nec has' b"my vote but i'm searching for one of the new, cheaper, nec 5fge's to see if" b"it's just as good as its older brother the 5fg before i decide which one to" b'buy.' b'' b'i have no experience with the nanao. i can never keep the nanao models' b"straight and don't have any place i can walk in to get a good comparison of" b'all models.' b'' b'--' b'' b'standard employer disclaimers apply' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'keith w. johnson tektronix, gpi/nd info services, wilsonville, or, usa' 