b'' b'this is the official request for discussion (rfd) for the creation of two' b'new newsgroups for microsoft windows nt. this is a second rfd, replacing' b"the one originally posted in january (and never taken to a vote). the" b'proposed groups are described below:' b'' b'name: \t comp.os.ms-windows.nt.setup' b'status: unmoderated.' b'purpose: discussions about setting up and installing windows nt, and about' b'system and peripheral compatability issues for windows nt.' b'' b'name:\t comp.os.ms-windows.nt.misc' b'status:\t unmoderated.' b'purpose: miscellaneous non-programming discussions about using windows nt,' b'including issues such as security, networking features, console' b'mode and windows (win16) compatability.' b'' b'rationale:' b'microsoft nt is the newest member of the microsoft windows family' b'of operating systems (or operating environments for those who wish' b'to argue about the meaning of an "os"). the family ranges from' b'modular windows through windows and windows for workgroups to' b'windows nt at the high end. to date, microsoft has shipped over' b'50,000 beta copies and pre-release sdks of windows nt the' b"actual release is slated for may/june b'' b'while windows nt has an entirely new design internally, it shares' b'an application programming interface with the other members of the' b'windows family; its win32 api includes the win16 api used in win-' b'dows and the win32s api subset (win32 less threads, networking' b'and security) can be used to create 32-bit applications for' b'windows b'' b'the user interface is also practically identical to that of windows' b'3.1, with the addition of logins and a few other features. it uses' b'program manager, file manager and other applets, and generally pre-' b'sents an identical appearance to the user. many of the announced' b'windows nt applications are ports of existing windows apps, and' b'nt also runs existing applications.' b'' b'thus, it appears logical that windows nt should share the following' b'groups with the other members of the windows family:' b'comp.os.ms-windows.apps' b'comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.tools' b'comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.misc' b'comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.win32' b'' b'the following groups are also clearly applicable to windows nt as' b'well as windows b'comp.os.ms-windows.announce' b'comp.os.ms-windows.advocacy' b'' b'in conclusion, the only clear argument for the separation of the' b'windows and windows nt hierarchies is different internal' b'structures of windows and windows nt. and yet operating' b'systems such as os/2, macintosh os, xenix and coherent all have' b'undergone major rewrites without having been split into separate' b'newsgroup hierarchies.' b'' b'further, windows is due for a major rewrite itself in b'when the fully 32-bit, protected-mode and with-dos-built-in next-' b'generation windows, "chicago", debuts next year, surely it should' b'remain in the same hierarchy. and what, then, would be the jus-' b'tification for separating windows nt from other windows versions?' b'' b'' b'discussion period:' b'the discussion period will run from april, to may, b'' b'voting:' b'the cfv (call for votes) will be issued around may, based on' b'the feedback received during the discussion period. no votes will' b'be accepted prior to the cfv.' b'--' b'[ "stick your index fingers into both corners of your mouth. now pull b'[ up. that\'s how the corrado makes you feel." car, january 