b'' b'' b"i may not be the world's greatest expert on chiggers (a type of" b'mite indigenous to the south), but i certainly have spent a lot' b'of time contemplating the little buggers over the past six years' b'(since we moved to n.c.). here are some observations gained from' b'painful experience:' b'' b'1. reactions to chiggers vary greatly from person to person.' b'some people get tiny red bites. others (like me) are more' b'sensitive and get fairly large swollen sore-like affairs.' b'' b'2. chigger bites are the gift that keeps on giving. i swear' b'that these things will itch for months.' b'' b'3. there is a lot of folklore about chiggers. i think most of' b'it is fiction. i have tried to do research on the critters,' b'since they have such an effect on me. the only book i could' b"find on the subject was a *single* book in unc's special" b'collections library. i have not yet gone through what is' b'required to get it.' b'' b'4. based on my experience and that of my family members, the old' b"folk remedy of fingernail polish simply doesn't work. i recall" b'reading that the theory upon which it is based (that the chiggers' b'burrow into your skin and continue to party there) is false. i' b'think it is more likely that the reaction is to toxins of some' b'sort the little pests release. but this is speculation.' b'' b'5. the *best* approach is prevention. a couple of things work well.' b'a good insect repellent (deet) such as deep woods off liberally' b'applied to ankles, waistband, etc. is a good start. there is' b'another preparation called "chig away" that is a combination of' b'sulfur and some kind of cream (cortisone?) that originally was' b'prepared for the army and is not commercially available. in' b'the summer i put this on my ankles every morning when i get' b"up on weekends since i literally can't go outside where we" b'live (in the country) without serious consequences. (they' b"apparently don't like sulfur much at all. you can use sulfur" b'as a dust on your body or clothing to repel them.)' b'' b'6. no amount of prevention will be *completely* successful. forget' b'the fingernail polish. i have finally settled upon a treatment' b'that involves topical application of a combination of cortisone' b'creme (reduces the inflamation and swelling) and benzocaine' b"(relieves the itch). i won't tell you all the things i've tried." b'nor will i tell you some of the things my wife does since this' b'counts as minor surgery and is best not mentioned (i also think' b'it gains nothing).' b'' b'7. the swelling and itching can also be significantly relieved' b'by the application of hot packs, and this seems to speed recovery' b'as well.' b'' b'doctors seem not to care much about chiggers. the urban and suburban' b"doctors apparently don't encounter them much. and the rural doctors" b'seem to regard them as a force of nature that one must endure. i' b'suspect that anyone who could come up with a good treatment for chiggers' b'would make a *lot* of money.' b'--' b'gary h. merrill [principal systems developer, c compiler development]' b'sas institute inc. sas campus dr. cary, nc 