b'' b'' b' explain. i thought there were types of cones, equivalent to rgb.' b'' b"you're basically right, but i think there are just types. one is" b'sensitive to red and green, and the other is sensitive to blue and yellow.' b'this is why the two most common kinds of color-blindness are red-green and' b'blue-yellow.' b'' b'' b'yes, i remember that now. well, in that case, the cones are indeed' b'color sensitive, contrary to what the original respondent had claimed.' b'' b'' b'i\'m not sure who the "original respondent" was but to' b'reiterate cones respond to particular portions of the spectrum, just' b'as _rods_ respond to certain parts of the visible spectrum (bluegreen' b'in our case, reddish in certain amphibia), just as the hoseshoe crab' b'_limulus polyphemus_ photoreceptors respond to a certain portion of' b'the spectrum etc. it is a common misconception to confound wavelength' b'specificity with being color sensitive, however the two are not' b'synonymous.' b'so in sum and to beat a dead horse:' b'(1) when the outputs of a cone are matched for number of' b'absorbed photons _irrespective_ of the absorbed photons wavelength,' b'the cone outputs are _indistinguishable_.' b'(2) cones are simply detectors with different spectral' b'sensitivities and are not any more "color sensitive" than are rods,' b'ommatidia or other photoreceptors.' b'(3) color vision arises because outputs of receptors which' b'sample different parts of the spectrum (cones in this case) are' b'"processed centrally". (the handwave is intentional)' b'' b"i've worked and published research on rods and cones for over" b'10 years so the adherence to the belief that cones can "detect color"' b"is frustrating. but don't take my word for it. i'm reposting a few" b'excellent articles together with two rather good but oldish color' b'vision texts.' b'' b'the texts:' b'robert boynton _human color vision_ holt, rhiehart and winston' b'' b'leo m. hurvich _color vision_, sinauer associates.' b'' b'' b'the original articles:' b'baylor and hodgkin detection and resolution of visual stimuli by' b'turtle phoreceptors, _j. physiol._ pp163-198.' b'' b'baylor lamb and yau reponses of retinal rods to single photons.' b'_j. physiol._ pp613-634.' b'' b'schnapf et al. visual transduction in cones of the monkey' b'_macaca fascicularis_. j. physiol. pp681-713.' b'' b'--' b'edwin barkdoll' b'--' b'edwin barkdoll' 