b'' b'' b'' b'the biggest reason why the cost of medical care is so extremely high and' b'increasing is that natural methods of treatment and even diagnosis are still' b'being systematically ignored and suppressed by the money-grubbing and power-' b'mongering "medical" establishment.' b'some examples of very low cost natural anti-cancer remedies are listed in' b'the following article:' b'' b'' b'natural anti-cancer remedies' b'a 3rd opinion' b'' b'( some of these remedies also work against aids. b'' b'' b'disclaimer: this list was compiled from unorthodox sources' b'that have shown themselves to be reliable. the compiler of' b'this list is not a doctor of any kind, but is exercising his' b'first amendment constitutional right of free speech on the' b'subjects of his choice.' b'' b'' b'( most of these remedies can be found in any grocery store.' b'most of the rest of them can be found in any health food' b'store. what is important is how they are used, and what' b'else is excluded during their use. b'' b'' b'(1) the 7-day fast.' b'1st day: eat as much fresh fruit as you want, one kind' b'at a time, preferably grapes.' b'2nd day: eat all the vegetables you want, at least half' b'raw, including garlic; also, whole kernel corn to help scrape' b'clean the intestinal linings.' b'3rd day: drink all the fresh fruit and vegetable juice' b'you want. preferably start with to ounces of prune' b'juice with pulp, followed by a gallon of pure (not from' b'concentrate) apple juice, then grape juice. (stay close to' b'your home bathroom.)' b'4th day: eat all the un-salted nuts (no peanuts) and' b'dried fruit you want, preferably raisins and almonds (almonds' b'contain laetrile.).' b'5th day: one gallon of lemonade. squeeze the juice from' b'two lemons into a gallon of water (preferably distilled), and' b'add to tablespoons of locally-made honey, (no sugar).' b'drink one glass per hour.' b'[everyone, including healthy people, should do this one day' b'every week, preceded by a large glass of prune juice with' b'pulp.]' b'6th day: same as 5th day.' b'7th day: same as 6th day.' b'all days, eat only the foods listed above for each' b'day, along with your usual vitamin and mineral supplements,' b'plus as much distilled water as you want.' b'' b'(2) the grape diet.' b'eat to ounces of fresh grapes every hours, am to' b'8 pm, every day for six days. eat nothing else during the' b'six days, but drink as much distilled water as you want.' b'' b'(3) apple cider vinegar.' b'mix a teaspoon of pure apple cider vinegar (not apple' b'cider "flavored" vinegar. regular vinegar is harmful.) in a' b'glass of water (preferably distilled) and drink all of it.' b'do this or times per day, for weeks; then stop for a' b'week. repeat if desired. do this along with a normal' b'healthy diet of natural foods. this remedy is especially' b'effective against those types of cancer that resemble a' b'fungus, as well as against other kinds of fungus infections.' b'' b'(4) the sea-salt soda bath. [please keep an open mind.]' b'fill a bathtub with moderately warm water so the level' b'comes up almost to the overflow drain when you get in.' b'immerse yourself in it for a minute, and then completely' b'dissolve in the bath water pound of sun-evaporated sea-salt' b"(regular salt won't work.) and pound of fresh baking-soda." b'soak in this bath for to minutes, while exercising' b'your fingers, toes, and limbs, turning sideways and onto your' b'stomach, dunking your head, sitting up and laying back down,' b'chomping your teeth together, etc..' b'among other things, the sea-salt soda bath neutralizes' b'the accumulated effects of x-rays, etc., as described in the' b'book "born to be magnetic, vol. by frances nixon, b'precautions: only the one person using each bath should' b'prepare it and drain it.' b'for at least minutes after taking the bath, stay away' b'from, and even out of sight of, other people. (your greatly' b'expanded aura energy-field during that time could disrupt' b"other people's fields.) two hours after the bath, eat at" b'least ounces of yogurt containing active yogurt cultures.' b'(the bath may kill friendly bacteria also.) better yet, take' b'a 2-billion-bacteria "acidophilus" capsule, which is also an' b'excellent daily remedy against the effects of "a.i.d.s."' b'(because it kills all kinds of harmful bacteria in the' b'digestive tract, taking a big load off the remaining immune' b'system). [because this external bath can kill in-ternal' b'bacteria, it may also be a cure for "lyme disease".]' b'do not take this bath within a few hundred miles of a thunder' b'storm, within days of a full moon, nor during "major" or' b'"minor periods" as listed in the "solunar tables" published' b'bimonthly in "field stream" magazine, (because of the' b'measurable disruptive ambient environmental energy-fields' b'present at those times).' b'do not take this bath more than four times per year.' b'' b'(5) miscellaneous natural anti-cancer remedies:' b'' b'for skin cancer, apply stabilized aloe vera jel to the' b'affected skin twice daily, and take to tablespoons' b'per day of stabilized aloe vera juice internally, for' b'about months.' b'' b'd.m.s.o. (dimethyl sulfoxide) causes cancer cells to' b'perform normal cell functions.' b'' b'almonds (un-blanched, un-roasted) contain laetrile.' b'to help prevent cancer, eat several almonds every day.' b'to help cure cancer, eat several ounces of almonds per' b'day.' b'[never take large concentrated doses of laetrile orally.' b'it will kill you! take it intravenously only. (cancer' b'cells contain a certain enzyme which converts laetrile' b'into cyanide, which then kills the cell. this enzyme is' b'also present in the digestive system.)]' b'' b'anti-oxidants are free-radical scavengers, and include' b'vitamin e, selenium mcg. per day is safe for most' b'people.), chromium (up to mcg. per day), vitamin a' b'(25,000 iu per day is safe for most people.), superoxide' b'dismutase (up to units per day), vitamin c (up' b'to mg. per day), and bht (butylated hydroxy-' b'toluene), to capsules of bht every night at bedtime' b'will also make one immune against herpes (both types),' b'suppress herpes symptoms if one already has herpes,' b'prevent spreading herpes to other people, but will not' b'cure herpes. bht might also do these things against' b'"a.i.d.s.", which is really a form of cancer similar to' b'leukemia.] (see the book "life extension", by durk' b'pearson and sandy shaw.)' b'' b'hydrogen-peroxide. dilute twelve(12) drops of b'hydrogen-peroxide in a glass of pure water (preferably' b'distilled) and drink it. do this once or twice per day,' b'hours before or after eating or drinking anything else.' b'apply hydrogen-peroxide directly to skin cancers' b'several times per day.' b'use hydrogen-peroxide only if you are taking a good' b'daily dose of some of the various anti-oxidants' b'described above.' b'' b'vitamin mineral supplements are more effective, and' b'much less expensive, when combined together in mega' b'doses into single tablets made from natural sources.' b'' b'cancer cells can not live in a strong maxwell)' b'north magnetic field, especially if it is pulsating on' b'and off. [a strong south magnetic field is an' b'aphrodisiac.] in my opinion, all types of ionizing-' b'radiation treatments for cancer should be replaced with' b'daily 30-minute doses of pulsating 100,000-maxwell north' b'magnetic fields.' b'' b'properly made and operated radionics/psionics machines' b'can both diagnose and cure all forms of cancer, as well' b'as most other medical problems. some radionics/psionics' b'machines can even take cross-sectional x-ray-like photos' b'of cancer tumors, etc., with-out x-rays!' b'' b'interferon tablets.' b'' b'taheebo tea, (lapacho).' b'' b'homeopathy can cure cancer, and many other medical' b'problems (even drug addiction!).' b'' b'50 mg. per day of chelated zinc can help prevent or cure' b'prostate trouble.' b'' b'this list is not exhaustive.' b'' b'' b'the above natural remedies can cure both diagnosed and un-' b'diagnosed cancers, as well as prevent them, and also prevent' b'and cure many other medical problems including heart-' b'diseases. they are not too simple and inexpensive to work' b'effectively.' b'' b'besides acting on a person biologically and chemically, these' b'remedies, especially the 7-day fast and the grape diet, send' b"a strong message to one's subconscious mind, programming it" b'to cure the cancer.' b'' b'in my opinion, if a person finds out that s/he has cancer,' b'then s/he should promptly try at least the first remedies' b'described above, in sequence (starting with the 7-day fast),' b'before resorting to the un-natural and expensive mutilations' b'and agonies [poison, burn, and mutilate!] of orthodox cancer' b'treatment [organi$ed-crime!].' b'' b'' b'disclaimer: this list was compiled from unorthodox sources' b'that have shown themselves to be reliable. the compiler of' b'this list is not a doctor of any kind, but is exercising his' b'first amendment constitutional right of free speech on the' b'subjects of his choice.' b'' b'' b'for more information, contact cancer control society, n.' b'berendo st., los angeles, ca and/or other organiza-' b'tions listed in the "alternative medicine" and "holistic' b'medicine" portions of the "health and medical organizations"' b'section (section of the latest edition of the "encyclope-' b'dia of associations" reference book in your local public or' b'university library.' b'' b'' b'un-altered reproduction and dissemination of this' b'important information is encouraged.' b'' b'' b'robert e. mcelwaine' b'' b'' 