b'' b'archive-name: typing-injury-faq/software' b'version: 7th december b'' b'i post it, along with the other faq stuff. if you have questions, you want' b'to send mail to richard, not me. dan' b'' b'' b'software tools to help with rsi' b'-------------------------------' b'' b'this file describes tools, primarily software, to help prevent or manage rsi.' b'this version now includes information on such diverse tools as calendar' b'programs and digital watches...' b'' b'please let me know if you know any other tools, or if you have information' b'or opinions on these ones, and i will update this faq.' b'' b'i am especially interested in getting reviews of these products from people' b'who have evaluated them or are using them.' b'' b'richard donkin' b'tel: (direct)' b'fax: b'' b'changes in this version:' b'' b'added information on stressfree, another typing management tool' b'for windows.' b'' b'' b'typing management tools: these aim to help you manage your keyboard use,' b'by warning you to take a break every so often. the better ones also include' b'advice on exercises, posture and workstation setup. some use sound hardware to' b'' b'warn of a break, others use beeps or screen messages.' b'' b'often, rsi appears only after many years of typing, and the pain has' b'a delayed action in the short term too: frequently you can be typing' b'all day with little problem and the pain gets worse in the evening.' b'these tools act as an early warning system: by listening to their' b"warnings and taking breaks with exercises, you don't have to wait for your" b'body to give you a more serious and painful warning that is, getting rsi.' b'' b'' b'tool: at your service (commercial software)' b'available from:' b'bright star' b'tel: b'platforms: mac (system windows' b'description:' b'provides calendar, keyboard watch, email watch, and system info.' b'warns when to take a break (configurable). has a few recommendations' b'on posture, and exercises. sound-oriented, will probably work best' b'with sound card (pc) or with microphone (mac). should be possible' b'to record your own messages to warn of break.' b'' b'tool: audioport (sound card and software)' b'available from:' b'media vision' b'tel: b'platforms: pc' b'description:' b'a sound card to plug into your pc parallel port.' b"includes 'at your service'." b'' b'tool: computer health break (commercial software)' b'available from:' b'escape ergonomics, inc' b'1111 w. el camino real' b'suite b'mailstop b'sunnyvale, ca' b'tel: b'platforms: dos' b'description:' b'aimed at preventing rsi, this program warns you to take' b'breaks after a configurable interval, based on clock time, or' b'after a set number of keystrokes whichever is earlier.' b'it gives you exercises to do each time, randomly selected from' b'a set of exercises are apparently tuned to the type of work' b'you do data entry, word processing, information processing.' b'exercises are illustrated and include quite a lot of text on' b'how to do the exercise and on what exactly the exercise does.' b'' b'chb includes hypertext information on rsi that you can use' b'to learn more about rsi and how to prevent it. other information' b'on non-rsi topics can be plugged into this hypertext viewer.' b'a full glossary of medical terms and jargon is included.' b'' b'chb can be run in a dos box under windows, but does not then' b'warn you when to take a break; it does not therefore appear' b'useful when used with windows.' b'' b'cost: quantity discounts, site licenses.' b'' b'comments:' b'the keystroke-counting approach looks good: it seems better' b'to measure the activity that is causing you problems than to' b'measure clock time or even typing time. the marketing stuff' b'is very good and includes some summaries of research papers,' b'as well as lots of arguments you can use to get your company' b'to pay up for rsi management tools.' b'' b'tool: eyercise (commercial software)' b'available from:' b'ran enterprises' b'one woodland park dr.' b'haverhill, ma us' b'tel: (us only)' b'platforms: windows os/2 pm [not dos]' b'description:' b'aimed at preventing rsi and eye strain, this program warns you to take' b'breaks after a configurable interval (or at fixed times). optionally' b'displays descriptions and pictures of exercises pictures are' b'animated and program beeps you to help you do exercises at the' b'correct rate. includes stretches and visual training' b'exercises, can configure which are included and how many repetitions' b'you do breaks last from to minutes. also includes online help' b'on workplace ergonomics.' b'' b'quote from their literature:' b'' b'"eyercise is a windows program that breaks up your day with periodic' b'sets of stretches and visual training exercises. the stretches work' b'all parts of your body, relieving tension and helping to prevent' b'repetitive strain injury. the visual training exercises will improve' b'your peripheral vision and help to relieve eye strain. together these' b'help you to become more relaxed and productive."' b'' b'"the package includes the book _computers visual stress_ by edward c.' b'godnig, o.d. and john s. hacunda, which describes the ergonomic setup' b'for a computer workstation and provides procedures and exercises to' b'promote healthy and efficient computer use.' b'' b'cost: including shipping and handling, quantity discounts' b'for resellers. free demo outside us).' b'' b'comments:' b'i have a copy of this, and it works as advertised: i would say' b'it is better for rsi prevention than rsi management, because it' b'does not allow breaks at periods less than minutes. also, it' b'interrupts you based on clock time rather than typing time, which' b'is not so helpful unless you use the keyboard all day. worked ok on' b'windows though it did occasionally crash with a uae not sure' b'why. also refused to work with the space bar on one pc, and has' b'one window without window controls. very usable though, and does not' b'require any sound hardware.' b'' b'tool: lifeguard (commercial software)' b'available from:' b'visionary software' b'p.o. box b'portland, or us' b'tel: b'platforms: mac, dos (windows version underway)' b'description:' b'aimed at preventing rsi. warns you to take a break' b'with dialog box and sound. includes a list of exercises' b'to do during breaks, and information on configuring your' b'workstation in an ergonomic manner. price: b'quantity discounts and site licenses. the dos product is' b'bought in from another company, apparently; not sure how' b'equivalent this is to the mac version.' b'' b'the mac version got a good review in desktop publisher' b'magazine (feb good marketing stuff with useful' b'2-page summaries of rsi problems and solutions, with' b'references.' b'' b'tool: stressfree (commercial software, free usable demo)' b'available from:' b'lifetime software' b'p.o. box b'houston' b'texas us' b'tel: (us only)' b'fax: b'' b'demo (working program but reduced functions) available from:' b'compuserve: windows advanced forum, new uploads section, or' b'health and fitness forum, issues at work section.' b'anon ftp: ftp.cica.indiana.edu (and mirroring sites)' b'' b'platforms: windows (mac and dos versions underway)' b'description:' b'aimed at preventing rsi, this program warns you to take' b'breaks after a configurable interval (or at fixed times).' b'displays descriptions and pictures of exercises pictures are' b'animated and program paces you to help you do exercises at the' b'correct rate. quite a few exercises, can configure which ones' b'are included to some extent. online help.' b'' b'version is out soon, mac and dos versions will be based' b'on this.' b'' b'cost: if support via compuserve or internet, otherwise b'site license for or more copies is each.' b'(note: prices may have gone up for v2.0).' b'' b'comments:' b'i have had a play with this, and it works ok. its user interface' b'design is much better in though still a bit unusual.' b'expensive tool around and it does the job. it is also the only' b'tool with a redistributable demo, so if you do get the demo, post it' b'on your local bulletin boards, ftp servers and bitnet servers!' b'does not include general info on rsi and ergonomics, but it does' b'have the ability to step backward in the exercise sequence,' b'which is good for repeating the most helpful exercises.' b'' b'tool: typewatch (freeware), version (october b'available from:' b'anonymous ftp: soda.berkeley.edu:pub/typing-injury/typewatch.shar' b'platforms: unix (tested on sco, sunos, mach; character and x window mode)' b'description:' b'this is a shell script that runs in the background and warns you' b'to stop typing, based on how long you have been continuously' b'typing. it does not provide exercises, but it does check' b'that you really do take a break, and tells you when you' b'can start typing again.' b'' b'typewatch now tells you how many minutes you have been typing' b'today, each time it warns you, which is useful so you' b'know how much you *really* type. it also logs information' b'to a file that you can analyse or simply print out.' b'' b'the warning message appears on your screen (in character mode),' b'in a pop-up window (for x windows), or as a zephyr message' b'has put in a lot of bug fixes, extra features and support for' b'x, zephyr and mach.' b'' b'x window mode, zephyr) if you have problems or want to give' b'feedback.' b'' b'tool: various calendar batch queue programs' b'available from:' b'various sources' b'platforms: various' b'description:' b'any calendar/reminder program that warns you of an upcoming' b'appointment can be turned into an ad hoc rsi management tool.' b'or, any batch queue submission program that lets you submit' b'a program to run at a specific time to display a message to' b'the screen.' b'' b'using windows as an example: create a calendar file, and' b"include this filename in your win.ini's 'load=' line so" b'you get it on every startup of windows. suppose you' b'want to have breaks every minutes, starting from am.' b'press f7 (special time...) to enter an appointment, enter' b'9:30, hit enter, and type some text in saying what the break' b'is for. then press f5 to set an alarm on this entry, and repeat' b'for the next appointment.' b'' b'by using windows recorder, you can record the keystrokes' b'that set up breaks throughout a day in a .rec file. put this' b"file on your 'run=' line, as above, and you will then, with" b'a single keypress, be able to set up your daily appointments' b'with rsi exercises.' b'' b'the above method should be adaptable to most calendar programs.' b'an example using batch jobs would be to submit a simple job' b'that runs at am and warns you to take a break; this will' b'depend a lot on your operating system.' b'' b'while these approaches are not ideal, they are a good way of forcing' b"yourself to take a break if you can't get hold of a suitable rsi" b'management tool. if you are techie enough you might want to' b'write a version of typewatch (see above) for your operating' b'system, using batch jobs or whatever fits best.' b'' b'tool: digital watches with count-down timers' b'available from:' b'various sources, e.g. casio bp-100.' b'description:' b'many digital watches have timers that count down from a settable' b'number of minutes; they usually reset easily to that number, either' b'manually or automatically.' b'' b'while these are a very basic tool, they are very useful if you' b'are writing, reading, driving, or doing anything away from' b'a computer which can still cause or aggravate rsi. the great' b'advantage is that they remind you to break from whatever you' b'are doing.' b'' b'comments:' b'my own experience was that cutting down a lot on my typing led to' b'my writing a lot more, and still reading as much as ever, which' b'actually aggravated the rsi in my right arm though the left' b'arm improved. getting a count-down timer watch has been' b'very useful on some occasions where i write a lot in a day.' b'' b'i have tried an old fashioned hour-glass type egg timer, but' b'these are not much good because they do not give an audible' b'warning of the end of the time period!' b'' b'' b'keyboard remapping tools: these enable you to change your keyboard mapping' b'so you can type one-handedly or with a different two-handed layout.' b'one-handed typing tools may help, but be very careful about how' b'you use them if you keep the same overall typing workload you' b'are simply doubling your hand use for the hand that you use for typing,' b'and may therefore make matters worse.' b'' b'tool: hsh (public domain)' b'available from:' b'anonymous ftp: soda.berkeley.edu:pub/typing-injury/hsh.shar' b"platforms: unix (don't know which ones)" b'description:' b'allows one-handed typing and other general keyboard remappings.' b"only works through tty's (so, you can use it with a terminal or" b'an xterm, but not most x programs).' b'' b'tool: dvorak keyboard tools (various)' b'available from:' b'anonymous ftp: soda.berkeley.edu:pub/typing-injury/xdvorak.c' b'also built into windows 3.x.' b'description:' b'the dvorak keyboard apparently uses a more rational layout' b'that involves more balanced hand use. it *may* help prevent' b'rsi a bit, but you can also use it if you have rsi, since' b'it will slow down your typing a *lot* b'' b'--' b'dan wallach "one of the most attractive features of a connection' b'office#: of its cabinet." cm paris ref. manual, v6.0, p48.' 