b'' b'archive-name: typing-injury-faq/general' b'version: $revision: $date: b'' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'answers to frequently asked questions about typing injuries' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b'the typing injury faq sources of information for people with typing' b'injuries, repetitive stress injuries, carpal tunnel syndrome, etc.' b'' b'' b'many faqs, including this one, are available on the archive site' b'pit-manager.mit.edu (alias rtfm.mit.edu) in the directory' b'pub/usenet/news.answers. the name under which a faq is archived appears' b'in the archive-name line at the top of the article. this faq is archived' b'as typing-injury-faq/general.z' b'' b"with the word 'help' on a line by itself in the body." b'' b'the opinions in here are my own, unless otherwise mentioned, and do not' b"represent the opinions of any organization or vendor. i'm not a medical" b'doctor, so my advice should be taken with many grains of salt.' b'' b'[current distribution: sci.med.occupational, sci.med, comp.human-factors,' b'' b'changes since previously distributed versions are marked with change b'bars to the right of the text, as is this paragraph. b'' b'table of contents:' b'==1== mailing lists, newsgroups, etc.' b'==2== the soda.berkeley.edu archive' b'==3== general info on injuries' b'==4== typing posture, ergonomics, prevention, treatment' b'==5== requests for more info' b'==6== references' b'' b'==1== mailing lists, newsgroups, etc.' b'' b'usenet news:' b'-----------' b'comp.human-factors occasionally has discussion about alternative input devices.' b'comp.risks has an occasional posting relevant to injuries via computers.' b'sci.med and misc.handicap also tend to have relevant traffic.' b'' b"there's a brand new newsgroup, sci.med.occupational, chartered specifically" b'to discuss these things. this would be the recommended place to post.' b'' b'mailing lists:' b'-------------' b'the rsi network: available both on paper and via e-mail, this publication' b'covers issues relevant to those with repetitive stress injuries. for' b'a sample issue and subscription information, send a stamped, self-' b'addressed business envelope to caroline rose, paradise way, palo' b'alto ca b'' b'' b'$2 donation, requested.' b'' b'all rsi network newsletters are available via anonymous ftp from' b'soda.berkeley.edu (see below for details).' b'' b'c+health and sorehand are both ibm listserv things. for those familiar' b"with listserv, here's the quick info:" b'' b'' b'' b'quick tutorial on subscribing to a listserv:' b'' b'subscribe sorehand j. random hacker' b'info b'.' b"that's all there is to it. you'll get bunches of mail back from the listserv," b"including a list of other possible commands you can mail. cool, huh? what'll" b'those bitnet people think of, next?' b'' b'==2== the soda.berkeley.edu archive' b'' b"i've started an archive site for info related to typing injuries. just" b'anonymous ftp to soda.berkeley.edu:pub/typing-injury. b"currently, you'll find:" b'' b'informative files:' b'typing-injury-faq/' b'general information about typing injuries' b'keyboards products to replace your keyboard' b'software software to watch your keyboard usage' b"changes\t\t changes since last month's edition (new!)\t b'' b"keyboard-commentary dan's opinions on the keyboard replacements" b'amt.advice\t\t about adverse mechanical tension' b'caringforwrists.sit.hqx pagemaker4 document about your wrists' b'caringforwrists.ps\t postscript converted version of above...' b'carpal.info info on carpal tunnel syndrome' b'carpal.explained\t very detailed information about cts' b'carpal.surgery\t jama article on cts surgery' b'carpal.tidbits\t tidbits article on cts' b'tendonitis.info info on tendonitis' b'rsi.biblio\t\t bibliography of rsi-related publications' b'' b'rsi-network/* archive of the rsi network newsletter' b'(currently, containing issues through b'' b'rsi.details\t\t long detailed information about rsi' b"rsi.physical\t study showing rsi isn't just psychological" b'' b'various product literature:' b'' b'apple-press\t\t press release on the apple adjustable keyboard' b"apple-tidbits\t extensive info about apple's adjustable keybd" b'bat-info\t\t macweek review on the bat\t\t\t b'comfort-*\t\t marketing info on the comfort keyboard' b'datahand-review\t detailed opinions of the datahand' b'datahand-review2\t follow-up to above' b"datahand-desc\t description of the datahand's appearance" b"kinesis-review\t one user's personal opinions" b'maltron-*\t\t marketing info on various maltron products' b"maltron-review\t one user's personal opinions" b'vertical-info\t marketing info on the vertical (new!)\t b'' b'programs:' b'(with the exception of accpak.exe, everything here is distributed as' b'source to be compiled with a unix system. some programs take advantage' b'of the x window system, also.)' b'' b'hsh.shar\t\t a program for one-handed usage of normal keyboards' b'typewatch.shar\t tells you when to take a break' b'xdvorak.c\t\t turns your qwerty keyboard into dvorak' b"xidle.shar\t\t keeps track of how long you've been typing" b'rest-reminder.sh yet another idle watcher' b'kt15.tar \t\t generates fake x keyboard events from the' b'serial port use a pc keyboard on anything!' b'(new improved version!)' b'accpak.exe\t\t a serial port keyboard spoofer for ms windows' b'' b'(note: a2x.tar and rk.tar are both from export.lcs.mit.edu:contrib/' b'so they may have a more current version than soda.)' b'' b'a2x.tar \t\t a more sophisticated x keyboard/mouse spoofing' b'program. supports dragondictate.' b'(note: a new version is now available)\t b"rk.tar \t\t the reactive keyboard predicts what you'll" b'type next saves typing' b'' b'pictures (in the gifs subdirectory):' b'howtosit.gif\t picture of good sitting posture' b'(the caringforwrists document is better for this)' b'' b'accukey1.gif\t fuzzy picture' b'accukey2.gif\t fuzzy picture with somebody using it' b'apple.gif\t\t the apple adjustable keyboard\t\t b'bat.gif the infogrip bat' b'comfort.gif the health care comfort keyboard' b'datahand1.gif\t fuzzy picture' b'datahand2.gif\t key layout schematic' b'datahand3.gif\t a much better picture of the datahand' b'flexpro.gif\t\t the key tronic flexpro keyboard\t\t b'kinesis1.gif the kinesis ergonomic keyboard' b'kinesis2.gif\t multiple views of the kinesis\t\t b'maltron[1-4].gif several pictures of maltron products' b'mikey1.gif the mikey' b'mikey2.gif schematic picture of the mikey' b'tony.gif\t\t the tony! ergonomic keysystem\t\t b'twiddler1.gif\t "front" view' b'twiddler2.gif\t "side" view' b'vertical.gif\t the vertical keyboard\t\t\t b"wave.gif\t\t the iocomm `wave' keyboard" b'' b"many files are compressed (have a .z ending). if you can't uncompress a file" b'locally, soda will do it. just ask for the file, without the .z extension.' b'' b"if you're unable to ftp to soda, send me e-mail and we'll see what we" b'can arrange.' b'' b'==3== general info on injuries' b'' b'first, and foremost of importance: if you experience pain at all, then' b'you absolutely need to go see a doctor. as soon as you possibly can. the' b'difference of a day or two can mean the difference between a short recovery' b'and a long, drawn-out ordeal. go see a doctor. now, your garden-variety' b'doctor may not necessarily be familiar with this sort of injury. generally,' b'any hospital with an occupational therapy clinic will offer specialists in' b"these kinds of problems. don't wait, though. go see a doctor." b'' b'the remainder of this information is paraphrased, without permission, from' b"a wonderful report by new zealand's department of labour (occupational" b'safety and health service): "occupational overuse syndrome. treatment and' b'rehabilitation: a practitioner\'s guide".' b'' b"first, a glossary (or, fancy names for how you shouldn't have your hands):" b"(note: you're likely to hear these terms from doctors and keyboard vendors b'' b'rsi: repetitive strain injury a general term for many kinds of injuries' b'oos: occupational overuse syndrome synonym for rsi' b'ctd: cumulative trauma disorder another synonym for rsi' b'wruld: work-related upper limb disorders yet another synonym for rsi' b'cts: carpal tunnel syndrome (see below)' b'hyperextension: marked bending at a joint.' b'pronation: turning the palm down.' b'wrist extension: bending the wrist up.' b'supination: turning the palm up.' b'wrist flexion: bending the wrist down.' b'pinch grip: the grip used for a pencil.' b'ulnar deviation: bending the wrist towards the little finger.' b'power grip: the grip used for a hammer.' b'radial deviation: bending the wrist toward the thumb.' b'abduction: moving away from the body.' b'overspanning: opening the fingers out wide.' b'' b'now then, problems come in two main types: local conditions and diffuse' b"conditions. local problems are what you'd expect: specific muscles," b'tendons, tendon sheaths, nerves, etc. being inflamed or otherwise hurt.' b'diffuse conditions, often mistaken for local problems, can involve muscle' b'discomfort, pain, burning and/or tingling; with identifiable areas of' b'tenderness in muscles, although they\'re not necessarily "the problem."' b'' b"--- why does occupational overuse syndrome occur? here's the theory." b'' b'normally, your muscles and tendons get blood through capillaries which' b'pass among the muscle fibers. when you tense a muscle, you restrict' b"the blood flow. by the time you're exerting of your full power," b"you're completely restricting your blood flow." b'' b'without fresh blood, your muscles use stored energy until they run out,' b'then they switch to anaerobic (without oxygen) metabolism, which generates' b'nasty by-products like lactic acid, which cause pain.' b'' b'once one muscle hurts, all its neighbors tense up, perhaps to relieve the' b'load. this makes sense for your normal sort of injury, but it only makes' b'things worse with repetitive motion. more tension means less blood flow,' b'and the cycle continues.' b'' b'another by-product of the lack of blood flow is tingling and numbness from' b'your nerves. they need blood too.' b'' b"anyway, when you're typing too much, you're never really giving a change" b'for the blood to get back where it belongs, because your muscles never' b'relax enough to let the blood through. stress, poor posture, and poor' b'ergonomics, only make things worse.' b'' b'--- specific injuries you may have heard of:' b'' b'(note: most injuries come in two flavors: acute and chronic. acute' b'injuries are severely painful and noticable. chronic conditions have' b'less pronounced symptoms but are every bit as real.)' b'' b'tenosynovitis an inflamation of the tendon sheath. chronic tenosynovitis' b'occurs when the repetitive activity is mild or intermittent: not enough to' b"cause acute inflamation, but enough to exceed the tendon sheath's ability" b'to lubricate the tendon. as a result, the tendon sheath thickens, gets' b"inflamed, and you've got your problem." b'' b'tendonitis an inflammation of a tendon. repeated tensing of a tendon' b'can cause inflamation. eventually, the fibers of the tendon start separating,' b'and can even break, leaving behind debris which induces more friction, more' b'swelling, and more pain. "sub-acute" tendonitis is more common, which entails' b'a dull ache over the wrist and forearm, some tenderness, and it gets worse' b'with repetitive activity.' b'' b'carpal tunnel syndrome the nerves that run through your wrist into your' b'fingers get trapped by the inflamed muscles around them. symptoms include' b'feeling "pins and needles", tingling, numbness, and even loss of sensation.' b'cts is often confused for a diffuse condition.' b'' b"adverse mechanical tension also known as 'neural tension', this is where" b'the nerves running down to your arm have become contracted and possibly' b'compressed as a result of muscle spasms in the shoulders and elsewhere.' b'amt can often misdiagnosed as or associated with one of the other oos' b'disorders. it is largely reversible and can be treated with physiotherapy' b'(brachial plexus stretches and trigger point therapy).' b'' b"others: for just about every part of your body, there's a fancy name for" b'a way to injure it. by now, you should be getting an idea of how oos' b'conditions occur and why. just be careful: many inexperienced doctors' b'misdiagnose problems as carpal tunnel syndrome, when in reality, you' b'may have a completely different problem. always get a second opinion' b'before somebody does something drastic to you (like surgery).' b'' b'==4== typing posture, ergonomics, prevention, treatment' b'' b'the most important element of both prevention and recovery is to reduce' b'tension in the muscles and tendons. this requires learning how to relax.' b"if you're under a load of stress, this is doubly important. tune out" b'the world and breath deep and regular. relaxing should become a guiding' b'principle in your work: every three minutes take a three second break.' b'every three minutes, take a three second break. really, do it every' b"three minutes. it's also helpful to work in comfortable surroundings," b'calm down, and relax.' b'' b"if you can't sleep, you really need to focus on this. rest, sleep, and" b'relaxation are really a big deal.' b'' b'there are all kinds of other treatments, of course. drugs can reduce' b'inflamation and pain. custom-molded splints can forcefully prevent bad' b'posture. surgery can fix some problems. exercise can help strengthen' b'your muscles. regular stretching can help prevent injury. good posture' b'and a good ergonomic workspace promote reduced tension. ice or hot-cold' b"contrast baths also reduce swelling. only your doctor can say what's best" b'for you.' b'' b'--- posture here are some basic guidelines. [i so liked the way this was' b"written in the new zealand book that i'm lifting it almost verbatim from" b'appendix dwallach]' b'' b'. let your shoulders relax.' b'. let your elbows swing free.' b'. keep your wrists straight.' b". pull your chin in to look down don't flop your head forward." b'. keep the hollow in the base of your spine.' b'. try leaning back in the chair.' b". don't slouch or slump forward." b'. alter your posture from time to time.' b'. every minutes, get up and bend your spine backward.' b'' b'set the seat height, first. your feet should be flat on the floor. there' b'should be no undue pressure on the underside of your thighs near the knees,' b'and your thighs should not slope too much.' b'' b'now, draw yourself up to your desk and see that its height is comfortable' b'to work at. if you are short, this may be impossible. the beest remedy' b'is to raise the seat height and prevent your legs from dangling by using a' b'footrest.' b'' b'now, adjust the backrest height so that your buttocks fit into the space' b'between the backrest and the seat pan. the backrest should support you in' b'the hollow of your back, so adjust its tilt to give firm support in this' b'area.' b'' b'if you operate a keyboard, you will be able to spend more time leaning' b'back, so experiment with a chair with a taller backrest, if available.' b'' b'[now, i diverge a little from the text]' b'' b"a good chair makes a big difference. if you don't like your chair, go" b'find a better one. you really want adjustments for height, back angle,' b'back height, and maybe even seat tilt. most arm rests seem to get in' b'the way, although some more expensive chairs have height adjustable arm' b'rests which you can also rotate out of the way. you should find a good' b"store and play with all these chairs pick one that's right for you." b'in the san francisco bay area, i highly recommend "just chairs." the' b'name says it all.' b'' b'--- keyboard drawers, wrist pads, and keyboard replacements:' b'' b'there is a fair amount of controvery on how to get this right. for some' b'people, wrist pads seem to work wonders. however, with good posture, you' b"shouldn't be resting your wrists on anything you would prefer your" b'keyboard to be "right there". if you drop your arms at your side and then' b'lift your hands up at the elbow, you want your keyboard under your hands' b'when your elbows are at about degrees. of course, you want to avoid' b'pronation, wrist extension, and ulnar deviation at all costs. wrist pads' b'may or may not help at this. you should get somebody else to come and' b"look at how you work: how you sit, how you type, and how you relax. it's" b'often easier for somebody else to notice your hunched shoulders or' b'deviated hands.' b'' b'some argue that the normal, flat keyboard is antiquated and poorly' b'designed. a number of replacements are available, on the market, today.' b'check out the accompanying typing-injury-faq/keyboards for much detail.' b'' b'==5== requests for more info' b'' b'clearly, the above information is incomplete. the typing-injury archive' b"is incomplete. there's always more information out there. if you'd like" b"to submit something, please send me mail, and i'll gladly throw it in." b'' b"if you'd like to maintain a list of products or vendors, that would be" b"wonderful! i'd love somebody to make a list of chair/desk vendors. i'd" b"love somebody to make a list of doctors. i'd love somebody to edit the" b"above sections, looking for places where i've obviously goofed." b'' b'==6== references' b'' b'i completely rewrote the information section here, using a wonderful' b'guide produced in new zealand by their occupational safety health' b'service, a service of their department of labour. special thanks' b'to the authors: wigley, turner, blake, darby, mcinnes, and harding.' b'' b'semi-bibliographic reference:' b'. occupational overuse syndrome' b'. treatment and rehabilitation:' b"a practitioner's guide" b'' b'published by the occupational safety and health service' b'department of labour' b'wellington,' b'new zealand.' b'' b'first edition: june b'isbn b'' b"price: (new zealand $'s, of course)" b'' b'' b'--' b'dan wallach "one of the most attractive features of a connection' b'office#: of its cabinet." cm paris ref. manual, v6.0, p48.' 