b'' b'' b"what about kekule's infamous derivation of the idea of benzene rings" b'from a daydream of snakes in the fire biting their tails? is this' b'specific enough to count? certainly it turns up repeatedly in basic' b'phil. of sci. texts as an example of the inventive component of' b'hypothesizing.' b'' b'and has been rather thoroughly demolished as myth by robert scott root-' b'bernstein. see his book, "discovering". ring structures for benzene' b"had been proposed before kekule', after him, and at the same time as him." b"the current models do not resemble kekule's. many of the predecessors" b"of kekule's structure resemble the modern model more." b'' b'i don\'t think "extra-scientific" is a very useful phrase in a discussion' b'of the boundaries of science, except as a proposed definiens. extra-rational' b'is a better phrase. in fact, there are quite a number of well-known cases' b'of extra-rational considerations driving science in a useful direction.' b'' b'for example, pasteur discovered that racemic acid was a mixture of' b'enantiomers (the origin of stereochemistry) partly because he liked a' b"friend's crank theory of chemical action. the friend was wrong, but" b"pasteur's discovery stood. a prior investigator (mitscherlich), looking" b'at the same phenomenon, had missed a crucial detail; presumably because he' b"lacked pasteur's motivation to find something that distinguished racemic" b'acid from tartaric (now we say: d-tartaric) acid.' b'' b'again, pasteur discovered the differential fermentation of enantiomers' b'(tartaric acid again) not because of some rational conviction, but because' b'he was trying to produce yeast that lived on l-tartaric acid. his notebooks' b'contained fantasies of becoming the "newton of mirror-image life," which' b'he never admitted publically.' b'' b'perhaps the best example is the discovery that dna carries genes. avery' b'started this work because of one of his students, and ardent anglophile' b"and francophobe canadian, defended fred griffiths' discoveries in mice." b"most of griffiths' critics were french, which decided the issue for the" b"student. avery told him to replicate griffiths' work in vitro, which the" b'student eventually did, whereupon avery was convinced and started the' b'research program which, in or so years, produced the famous discovery' b'(avery, macleod, and mccarty, jem b'--' b'mark a. fulk\t\t\tuniversity of rochester' 