b'' b'i am posting to this group in hopes of finding someone out there in' b'network newsland who has heard of something similar to what i am going' b'to describe here. i have a fourteen year old daugter who experienced' b"a seizure on november at 6:45am after eating kellog's frosted" b'flakes. she is perfectly healthy, had never experienced anything like' b'this before, and there is no history of seizures in either side of the' b'family. all the tests (eeg, mri, ekg) came out negative so the decision' b'was made to do nothing and just wait to see if it happened again.' b'' b'well, we were going along fine and the other morning, april she had' b"a bowl of another kellog's frosted kind of cereal, fruit loops (i am" b'embarrassed to admit that i even bought that junk but every once' b'in a while...) so i pour it in her bowl and think "oh, oh, this is the' b'same kind of junk she was eating when she had that seizure." ten' b'minutes later she had a full blown seizures. this was her first exposure' b'to a sugar coated cereal since the last seizure.' b'' b'when i mentioned what she ate the first time as a possible reason for' b'the seizure the neurologist basically negated that as an idea. now' b'after this second episode, so similar in nature to the first, even' b'he is scratching his head. once again her eeg looks normal which i' b'understand can happen even when a person has a seizure.' b'' b'once again we are waiting. i have been thinking that it would be good' b'to get to as large a group as possible to see if anyone has any' b'experience with this kind of thing. i know that members of the medical' b'community are sometimes loathe to admit the importance that diet and' b'foods play in our general health and well-being. anyway, as you can' b'guess, i am worried sick about this, and would appreciate any ideas' b'anyone out there has. sorry to be so wordy but i wanted to really get' b'across what is going on here.' b'' b'thanks.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'nasa langley research center' b'bldg. 1192d, mailstop work: b'hampton, virginia. home: 