b'' b'' b"of course, bee venom isn't a single chemical. could be your brother is" b'reacting to a different component than the one that causes anaphylactic shock' b'in other people.' b'' b"similarly, chinese food isn't just msg. there are a lot of other" b'ingredients in it. why, when someone eats something with lots of' b"ingredients they don't normally consume, one of which happens to be" b'msg, do they immediately conclude that any negative reaction is to' b'the msg?' b'' b'arghhhhhhhhhh' b'' b'read the memos!!!!' b'' b'i said that i personally had other people order the exact same food at' b'two different times from the same restaurant and the people that' b'ordered the food for me did not tell me which time the msg was in the' b'food and which time it was not in the food.' b'' b'one time i had a reaction' b'' b'one time i did not' b'' b'the reaction came the time the msg was in the food' b'' b'that was the only difference' b'' b'same restaurant same ingredients!!!' b'' b"why, when someone eats something with lots of ingredients they don't" b'normally consume, one of which happens to be msg, do they immediately' b'conclude that any negative reaction is to the msg?' b'' b"i eat lots of chinese food i love chinese food. i've just learned" b'the following' b'' b'if i get food at one of the restaurants that does not use msg or' b'' b'if i prepare the food myself without msg or' b'' b'if i order the food from a restaurant that will hold the msg (and i' b"never get soup unless it's from a restaurant that cooks without the" b'msg)' b'' b'i do not get a reaction!!!!' b'' b'okay' b'' b'do you understand!!!!' b'' b'i get a reaction from msg' b'' b'i do not get a reaction when there is no msg' b'' b"if you're having trouble understand this, please tell me which of the" b"words you do not understand and i'll look them up in the dictionary" b'for you.' b'' b'--' b'the great secret of successful marriage is to treat all disasters' b'as incidents and none of the incidents as disasters.' b'-- harold nicholson' b'' 