b'' b'|' b'| jason chen writes:' b'| now here is a new one: vomiting. my guess is that msg becomes the number one' b'| suspect of any problem. in this case. it might be just food poisoning. but' b'| if you heard things about msg, you may think it must be it.' b'|' b'| b'|' b'| yeah, it might, if you only read the part you quoted. you somehow left' b'| out the part about "we all ate the same thing." changes things a bit, eh?' b'' b'food poisoning is only one of the many possible causes. yes, even other people' b'share the food.' b'|' b"| you complain that people blame msg automatically, since it's an unknown and" b'| therefore must be the cause. it is equally (if not more) unreasonable to' b"| defend it, automatically assuming that it can't be the culprit." b'' b'boy, you computer people only know 1s and 0s, but not much about logic. b'' b'no. i did not said msg was not the culprit. what i argued was that that' b'there was enough reasonable doubt to convict msg.' b'' b'if you want to convict msg, show me the evidence, not quilty by suspicion.' b'' b"| pepper makes me sneeze. if it doesn't affect you the same way, fine." b"| just don't tell me i'm wrong for saying so." b'' b"nobody is forcing you to change what you believe. but i certainly don't" b'want to see somebody preach to ban pepper because that makes him/her' b'sneeze. that is exactly what some anti-msg activitiests are doing' b'' b"| these people aren't condemning chinese food, mr. chen just one of its" b'| (optional) ingredients. try not to take it so personally.' b'' b"look, people with a last chen don't necessarily own a chinese restaurant." b'i am not interested if you enjoy chinese food or not. exploiting my last' b'name to discredit me on the issue is hitting below the belt.' b'' b'what i am interested in is the truth. let me give you an excert from' b'a recent fda hearing:' b'' b'``there is no evidence orally consumed glutamate has any effect' b"on the brain,'' said dr. richard wurtman of massachusetts institute" b'of technology. the anecdotal experiences of individuals is' b"``superstition, not science,'' he said. ``i don't think glutamate" b"has made them sick.''" b'' b'and dr. robert kenney of george washington university conducted an double' b'blind test in showing that the people who reacted to msg also' b'had similar reaction when they thought they had msg but actually not.' b'' b'although there are many contradicting personal stories told in this group,' b'some of them might have been due to other causes. but because the anti msg' b'emotion runs so high, that some blame it for anything and everything.' b'' b'my purpose is to present a balance view on the issue, although i am probably' b'20-1 outnumbered.' b'' b'jason chen' 