b'' b' i am posting to this group in hopes of finding someone out there in' b' network newsland who has heard of something similar to what i am going' b' to describe here. i have a fourteen year old daugter who experienced' b" a seizure on november at 6:45am after eating kellog's frosted" b' flakes. she is perfectly healthy, had never experienced anything like' b' this before, and there is no history of seizures in either side of the' b' family. all the tests (eeg, mri, ekg) came out negative so the decision' b' was made to do nothing and just wait to see if it happened again.' b'' b' well, we were going along fine and the other morning, april she had' b" a bowl of another kellog's frosted kind of cereal, fruit loops (i am" b' embarrassed to admit that i even bought that junk but every once' b' in a while...) so i pour it in her bowl and think "oh, oh, this is the' b' same kind of junk she was eating when she had that seizure." ten' b' minutes later she had a full blown seizures. this was her first exposure' b' to a sugar coated cereal since the last seizure.......' b'' b'my daughter has epilepsy and i attend a monthly parent support group.' b'just wednesday night, a mother was telling how she decided to throw' b"all the junk food out and see if it made a difference in her year-old's" b'seizures. he was having about one seizure per week. she reported that' b'she did this on thursday he had a seizure on saturday and then' b"went weeks without a seizure!! on easter he went to grandma's and ate" b'candy, pop anything he wanted. he had a seizure the next day. she' b'sees sensitivity to nutrasweet, sugar, colors, caffine and corn. with' b'corn she says, he gets very nervous and aggresive.' b'' b'with my own daughter (age i think she is also sensitive and stays' b"away from those foods on her own. she has never had gum, won't eat" b"candy, prefers an apple to a cookie, doesn't like chocolate and won't" b'even use toothpaste!!! her brother, on the other hand, is a junk food' b'addict!' b'' b'hope this helps. good luck.' 