b'' b' keith is the only person i have ever heard of that keeps the weight' b' off without any conscious effort to control eating behavior. most' b' of us have to diet a lot to keep from going back to morbid obesity.' b'' b'i attribute my success to several factors:' b'' b'very low fat. except when someone else has cooked a meal for me,' b'i only eat fruit, vegetables, and whole grain or bran cereals. i' b'estimate i only get about to percent of my calories from fat.' b'' b'very little sugar or salt.' b'' b'very high fiber. most americans get about grams. to are' b"recommended. i get between and sometimes (i've heard" b'of people taking fiber pills. it seems unlikely that pills can' b'contain enough fiber to make a difference. it would be about as' b'likely as someone getting fat by popping fat pills. tablets are' b'just too small, unless you snarf down hundreds of them daily.)' b'' b'my "clean your plate" conditioning works *for* me. eating the last' b'10% takes half my eating time, and gives satiety a chance to catch' b"up, so i don't still feel hungry and go start eating something else." b'' b"i don't eat when i'm not hungry (unless i'm sure i'll get hungry" b"shortly, and eating won't be practical then)." b'' b'i bike to work, miles a day, year round. fast. i also bike to' b"stores, movies, and everywhere else, as i've never owned a car." b'i estimate this burns about calories a day. it also helps' b'build and maintain muscle mass, prevent insulin resistance (diabetes' b'runs in my family), and increase my metabolism. (even so, my' b"metabolism is so low that when i'm at rest i'm most comfortable" b'with a temperature in the 90s (f), and usually wear a sweater if' b'it drops to cycling also motivates me to avoid every excess' b'ounce. (cyclists routinely pay a premium for cycling products that' b"weigh slightly less than others. but it's easier and cheaper to trim" b'weight from the rider than from the vehicle.)' b'' b"there's no question in my mind that my metabolism is radically" b'different from that of most people who have never been fat. fortunately,' b"it isn't different in a way that precludes excellent health." b'' b"obviously, i can't swear that every obese person who does what i've" b"done will have the success i did. but i've never yet heard of one who" b"did try it and didn't succeed." b'' b" i think all of us cycle. one's success depends on how large the" b' fluctuations in the cycle are. some people can cycle only pounds.' b'' b"i'm sure everyone's weight cycles, whether or not they've ever been fat." b'i usually eat extremely little salt. when i do eat something salty,' b'my weight can increase overnight by as much as ten pounds. it comes' b'off again over a week or two.' b'--' b'' b'f p=2,3:2 s q=1 x "f f=3:2 q:f*fp!\'q s q=p#f" w:q p,?$x\\8+1*8' 