b'' b' my nearly-13 year old pomeranian had a nasty reaction to this vaccination.' b' suffice it to say, we will not' b" vaccinate her for lyme disease again. she's been camping through some b' states and has backpacked with us as well and we are used to watching for ticks' b" and dealing with them and we simply won't take her to really active lyme" b' disease areas....' b'' b'not to drag this out anymore, but....' b'' b'many veterinarians feel that lyme disease in dogs is so easy to treat that' b'in an endemic area, they often just give the appropriate antibiotics to dogs' b'presenting with lameness, swollen joints, fever.' b'' b'a recent paper (march has finally established that lyme disease in dogs' b'can be reproduced in a controlled experimentaly setting. this has been' b'an ellusive matter for researchers, and is one of the fundamental requirements' b'for many to acknowledge an agent as being causitive of a particular disease.' b'up to now, only the vaccine manufacturer has been able to "prove" that' b'the disease exists.' b'' b'this paper is noteworthy in two other regards:' b'' b'1) none of the animals they infected were treated in any way. the dogs' b'had episodes of lameness during a week period which occurred b'months after exposure. after this period, none showed any further' b'clinical signs up to the month observation period of the study. so' b'these are proven, clinically sick lyme patients showing spontaneous' b'recovery without the benefit of drug treatment. of course, observations' b"longer than months will be necessary to be sure the disease doesn't" b'have the same chronicity that some see in humans.' b'' b'2) the addendum to the paper calls into question the techniques used by the' b'vaccine manufacturer to validate the vaccine. of course, they want' b'the world to use the model they developed in order to test vaccine' b'efficacy.' b'' b'anyway, maybe we will see some independent, scientifically sound evaluations' b'of this vaccine in the next year or so.' b'' b'--' b'washington state university college of veterinary medicine class of b'pullman, wa 