b'' b'this will be the first of monthly postings of the newsletter of' b'the long island chapter of the transplant recipients' b'international organization (trio). unfortunately, i was unable' b"to post it before the date of this month's meeting. i'm" b'posting it anyway, and posting it world-wide instead of' b'regional, in the hopes that some of the information may be' b'useful or illustrative. also, i hope it can be used as an' b'example and inspiration for the posting of other newsletters' b'and data related to organ transplantation and donation.' b'' b'mike' b'' b'transplant recipients' b'international organization' b'long island chapter' b'p.o. box b'huntington, ny 11743-0922\t\t newsletter' b'516/421-3258' b'april b'volume iv no. b'' b'' b'next meeting' b'' b'' b'the next meeting is wednesday april at pm at the knights' b'of columbus emerald manor, uniondale avenue in uniondale.' b'our guest speaker will be dr. lewis teperman. dr. teperman' b'trained in pittsburgh under dr. starzl and is now the assistant' b'director of the liver transplant program at new york university' b'medical center. dr. teperman will discuss current trends in' b'transplantation and treatment and will answer questions. he is' b'a long time friend of trio, surgeon to many of our members, and' b'always a gracious and delightful guest. it is sure to be a' b'very informative, interesting and engaging evening. our' b'hospitality committee, bette and vito suglia and jim spence' b'will be well prepared, and at last the weather should be' b'cooperative. we hope to see a very large gathering to welcome' b'dr. teperman.' b'' b'wednesday april k of c uniondale' b'' b'' b'last meeting' b'' b'it has been noted here before that the long island chapter of' b'trio has extraordinary power in predicting bad weather, being' b'able to forecast rain, sleet and snow fully a month in advance.' b'no tv weatherman can match us. this time we not only scored' b'again, but we were also able to disable the long island' b'railroad, making travel really difficult. none the less, many' b'braved the snow and we had an interesting meeting and good' b'conversation. our scheduled speaker, mrs. elizabeth linnehan,' b'a professional nutritionist, had a family emergency and was not' b'able to attend. she hope she will be with us in the fall to' b'discuss diet and medications. however, ms. jennifer friedman,' b'an image consultant and sister of a liver transplant recipient' b'was kind enough to step in on very short notice. ms. friedman' b'gave us a lot of good advice about choosing clothes and makeup,' b'(even a bit for men) to help us look well and healthy and to' b'minimize some of the cosmetic effects of some of the medicine' b'and drugs we take. we are most grateful to jennifer and thank' b'her for an entertaining evening.' b'' b'' b'' b'annual meeting' b'' b'in addition to welcoming dr. teperman, the april meeting is' b'also the annual meeting of the chapter. this is the official' b'notice of the meeting as required by our by-laws. the main' b'purpose of the meeting is to review the past year, solicit' b'member views and ideas for better ways to meet their needs, and' b'to elect members of the board of directors for the coming two' b'year term. the nominating committee has prepared the following' b'slate for the board.' b'' b'anne (liver recipient) and don treffeisen' b'robert (heart recipient) and eulene smith' b'vito (kidney recipient) and bette suglia' b'kay grenzig (liver recipient)' b'jan schichtel (kidney recipient)' b'larry juliano (kidney recipient)' b'david bekofsky (director public education litp)' b'' b'those remaining on the board for another year are:' b'' b'robert carroll (liver, kidney pancreas recipient)' b'jerry (kidney recipient) and jeanne eichhorn' b'ron (kidney donor) and marie healy' b'peter smith (bone marrow recipient)' b'patricia ann yankus (kidney and pancreas recipient)' b'walter ruzak (kidney recipient)' b'' b'this may seem to be a big board, but many hands make light work' b'and with our various medical uncertainties, it is good to have' b'backups for all the jobs on the board. therefore, in addition' b'to the slate being presented for voting, nominations will also' b'be accepted from the floor. there is no set number of board' b'members and there is plenty of work.' b'' b"in addition, brief treasurer's and membership reports will be" b'given and the floor will be open for any new business,' b'suggestions, or comments anyone would like to bring up.' b'' b'we will keep the formal meeting short so that we can spend the' b'majority of the time with dr. teperman.' b'' b'future meetings' b'' b'remember the scheduled guests for the rest of the year.' b'' b'may dr. peter shaprio, chief of psychiatry' b'columbia presbyterian medical center' b'' b'june dr. felix rappaport, director of the stony' b'brook kidney transplant program.' b'' b'plan on being with us the second wednesday of each month.' b'' b'notdaw' b'' b'the week of april is national organ and tissue donor' b'awareness week. notdaw. while we are planning news releases,' b'speaking engagements and meetings with supervisors gullata and' b'gaffney, we have decided not to have our softball game' b"because of two year's experience with miserable weather." b'' b'we all can help spread the word on donor awareness, however. we' b'have found it effective to ask your pastor, or rabbi to publish' b'a letter or announcement in the parish bulletin, allow you to' b'address the congregation, or include mention of the gift of' b'life in his sermon. attached to this newsletter is a sample' b'letter and fact sheet you can use. thank you.' b'' b'dr. starzl to be honored' b'' b'the long island chapter of the american liver foundation will' b'hold its annual auction and dinner dance on may 7th at the' b'fountainbleu on jericho turnpike in jericho. dr. thomas' b'starzl will be the honored guest. tickets are person and' b"are going fast. if you'd like to meet dr. starzl, call anne" b'treffeisen at for details.' b'' b'membership news' b'' b'congratulations to al reese. al received his heart transplant' b'in pittsburgh after waiting years. he is home and doing' b'well after only days in hospital.' b'' b'arthur michaels, liver recipient, is planning to run the boston' b'marathon in april. what fantastic proof that transplantation' b'works! we hope the national press notices.' b'' b'bob mccormack, after a persistent bout with infection, had his' b'transplanted kidney removed. he is home now, back on dialysis' b'and feeling better.' b'' b'nicole healy, kidney recipient and daughter of ron and marie,' b'spent the past several weeks in hospital in miami with problems' b'encountered on vacation. marie has been with her in florida.' b"they are back in new york where nicole's treatment will" b'continue. we wish nicole a speedy recovery.' b'' b'kay grenzig, liver recipient, is mending now after a bad fall' b'that resulted in a broken arm and a broken leg. kay is a' b'candidate for the board so we need her well soon.' b'' b'and best wishes to all coming out of the flu. it was a tough' b'winter for many, but the tulips are just under the snow.' b'' b'see you......wednesday april pm k of c uniondale' b'dr. lewis teperman' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' 