b'' b'' b'i looked for diab in my .newsrc and came up with nuthin. anyone have' b'any good sources for where i can read?' b'' b'check out the diabetic mailing list a knowledgable, helpful, friendly,' b'in the body:' b'' b'subscribe diabetic <your name here' b'' b'also, the vote for misc.health.diabetes, a newsgroup for general discussion' b'of diabetes, is currently underway, and will close on april. from the' b'2nd cfv, posted to news.announce.newgroups, news.groups, and sci.med,' b'' b'to place a vote for the creation of misc.health.diabetes, send an' b'' b'to place a vote against creation of misc.health.diabetes, send an' b'' b'the contents of the message should contain the line "i vote' b'for/against misc.health.diabetes as proposed". email messages sent to' b'the above addresses must constitute unambiguous and unconditional' b'votes for/against newsgroup creation as proposed. conditional votes' b'will not be accepted. only votes emailed to the above addresses will' b'be counted; mailed replies to this posting will be returned. in the' b'event that more than one vote is placed by an individual, only the' b'most recent vote will be counted. one additional cfv will be posted' b'during the course of the vote, along with an acknowledgment of those' b'votes received to date. no information will be supplied as to how' b'people are voting until the final acknowledgment is made at the end,' b'at which time the full vote will be made public.' b'' b'voting will continue until gmt, apr b'votes will not be accepted after this date.' b'' b'any administrative inquiries pertaining to this cfv may be made by' b'' b'the proposed charter appears below.' b'' b'--------------------------' b'' b'charter:' b'' b'misc.health.diabetes unmoderated' b'' b'1. the purpose of misc.health.diabetes is to provide a forum for the' b'discussion of issues pertaining to diabetes management, i.e.: diet,' b'activities, medicine schedules, blood glucose control, exercise,' b'medical breakthroughs, etc. this group addresses the issues of' b'management of both type i (insulin dependent) and type ii (non-insulin' b'dependent) diabetes. both technical discussions and general support' b'discussions relevant to diabetes are welcome.' b'' b'2. postings to misc.heath.diabetes are intended to be for discussion' b'purposes only, and are in no way to be construed as medical advice.' b'diabetes is a serious medical condition requiring direct supervision' b'by a primary health care physician.' b'' b'-----(end of charter)-----' 