b'' b': b': from a business point of view, it might make sense. it depends on' b': the personality of the practitioner. if he can charm the patients' b": into coming, homeopathy can be very profitable. it won't be covered" b": by insurance, however. just keep that in mind. myself, i'd have" b': b': b': in many european countries homepathy is accepted as a method of curing' b': (or at least alleiating) many conditions to which modern medicine has' b': no answer. in most of these countries insurance pays for the' b': treatments.' b': b'' b': accepted by whom? not by scientists. there are people' b': in every country who waste time and money on quackery.' b': in britain and scandanavia, where i have worked, it was not paid for.' b': what are "most of these countries?" i don\'t believe you.' b'' b'in holland insurences pay for homeopathic treatment. in germany they do' b'so as well. i austria they do if you have a condition which can not be' b'helped by "normal" medicine (happened to me). switzerland seems to be' b'the same as austria (i have direct experience in the swiss case).' b'' b'at the univeristy of vienna (i believe innsbruck as well) homeopathy' b'can be taken in med. school.' b'' b'i found that in combination with acupuncture it changed my life from' b'living hell to a condition which enables me to lead a relatively' b'normal life. i found that modern medicine was powerless to cure me' b'of a *severe* case of neurodermitis (note: i mean cure, not' b'surpress the symptoms, which is what modern medicine attempts to' b'do in the case of neurodermitis).' b'' b"i'm not saying that homeopathy is scientific, but that it can offer" b'help in areas in which modern medicine is absolutely helpless.' b'' b'from reading your aritcle it seems that your have some deeply rooted' b'beliefs about this issue (this is not intended to be offensive or' b'sarcastic it just sounded like that to me) which makes me doubt' b'if you can read this with an open mind. if you do/can, please excuse' b'my last comment.' b'' b'--- robert' b'' 