b'' b'nutrasweet is a synthetic sweetener a couple thousand times sweeter than' b'sugar. some people are concerned about the chemicals that the body produces' b'when it degrades nutrasweet. it is thought to form formaldehyde and known to' b'for methanol in the degredation pathway that the body uses to eliminate' b'substances. the real issue is whether the levels of methanol and formaldehyde' b'produced are high enough to cause significant damage, as both are toxic to' b'living cells. all i can say is that i will not consume it.' b'' b'[...]' b'' b'in the september issue of the tufts university diet and nutrition' b'letter, there is a three page article about artificial sweeteners. what' b'follows are those excerpts which deal specifically with nutrasweet.' b'' b'[reproduced without permission]' b'' b'the controversy [over aspartame] began six years ago in england,' b'where a group of researchers found that aspartame, marketed under' b'the tradename nutrasweet, appears to stimulate appetite and,' b'presumably, the eating of more calories in the long run than if' b'a person simply consumed sugar. when researchers asked a group' b'of people to drink plain water, aspartame-sweetened water, and' b'sugared water, they said that overall they felt hungriest after' b'drinking the artificially sweetened beverage.' b'the study received widespread media attention and stirred a' b'good deal of concern among the artificial-sweetener-using public.' b'however, its results were questionable at best, since the researchers' b'did not go on to measure whether the increase in appetite did' b'actually translate into an increase in eating. the two do not' b'necessarily go hand in hand.' b'in the years that followed, more than a dozen studies examining' b'the effect of aspartame on appetite and eating were conducted.' b'and after reviewing every one of them, the director of the' b'laboratory of the study of human ingestive behavior at johns hopkins' b'university, barbara rolls, ph.d., concluded that consuming aspartame-' b'sweetened foods and drinks is not associated with any increase in' b'the amount of food eaten afterward.' b'' b'one artificial sweetener that is not typically accused of causing' b'cancer is aspartame. but it most certainly has been blamed for a' b'host of other ills. since its introduction in the government' b'has received thousands of complaints accusing it of causing' b'everything from headaches to nausea to mood swings to anxiety.' b'still, years of careful scientific study conducted both before and' b"after the sweetener's entering the market have failed to confirm" b"that it can bring about adverse health effects. that's why the" b'centers for disease control (the government agency charged with' b"monitoring public health), the american medical association's" b'council on scientific affairs, and the food and drug administration' b'have given aspartame, one of the most studied food additives, a' b'clean bill of health.' b'granted, the fda has set forth an "acceptable daily intake" of' b'50 milligrams of aspartame per kilogram of body weight. to exceed' b'the limit, however, a 120-pound kg.) woman would have to take' b'in milligrams of aspartame the amount in cans of' b'aspartame-sweetened soda pop, cups of gelatin, cups of yogurt,' b'or six-ounce servings of aspartame-containing hot cocoa,...' b'a 175-pound kg.) man would have to consume some milligrams' b'of the sweetener the amount in cans of soda pop or cups' b'of yogurt to go over the limit. [chart with aspartame content' b'of selected foods omitted]' b'only one small group of people must be certain to stay away' b'from aspartame: those born with a rare metabolic disorder called' b'phenylketonuria, or pku. the estimated one person in every b'to who has it is unable to properly metabolize an essential' b'amino acid in aspartame called phenylalanine. once a child' b'consumes it, it builds up in the body and can ultimately cause' b'such severe problems as mental retardation. to help people with' b'pku avoid the substance, labels on cans of soda pop and other' b'aspartame-sweetened foods must carry the warning "phenylketonurics:' b'contains phenylalanine."' b'' b'' b"-rich young (these are not kodak's opinions.)" b'' 