b'' b'' b'newsgroups: sci.med' b'path: news.larc.nasa.gov!saimiri.primate.wisc.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!cs.utexas.edu!uunet!think.com!hsdndev!spdcc!dyer' b'organization: s.p. dyer computer consulting, cambridge ma' b'date: sat, apr gmt' b'lines: b'' b'i remember hearing a few years back about a new therapy for hyperactivity' b'which involved aggressively eliminating artificial coloring and flavoring' b'from the diet. the theory which was backed up by interesting anecdotal' b'results is that certain people are just way more sensitive to these' b"chemicals than other people. i don't remember any connection being made" b"with seizures, but it certainly couldn't hurt to try an all-natural diet." b'' b'yeah, the "feingold diet" is a load of crap. children diagnosed with add' b'who are placed on this diet show no improvement in their intellectual and' b'social skills, which in fact continue to decline. of course, the parents' b'who are enthusiastic about this approach lap it up at the expense of their' b'children\'s development. so much for the value of "interesting anecdotal' b'results". people will believe anything if they want to.' b'' b'--' b'steve dyer' b'' b'' b"thanks for all the interest in this problem of mine. i don't think it" b'is a reaction to sugar or junk food per se since kathryn has never shown' b'any signs of hyperactivity or changes in behavior in response to food.' b'she has always been very calm and dare i say, a neat, smart kid.' b'' b'the fact that this happened while eating two sugar coated cereals made' b"by kellog's makes me think she might be having an allergic reaction to" b'something in the coating or the cereals. of the four of us in our' b'immediate family, kathryn shows the least signs of the hay fever, running' b'nose, itchy eyes, etc. but we have a lot of allergies in our family history' b'including some weird food allergies nuts, mushrooms.' b'' b'anyway, our next trip is to an endocrinologist to check out the body' b'chemistry. but so far, no more sugar coated cereals and no more seizures' b'either. every day that goes by without one makes me heave a sigh of' b'relief. thanks again.' b'' b'--' b'nasa langley research center' b'bldg. 1192d, mailstop work: b'hampton, virginia. home: 