b'' b'[newsgroups: m.h.a added, followups set to most appropriate groups.]' b'' b'huey) writes:' b'' b'i am looking for any information/supplies that will allow' b'do-it-yourselfers to take krillean pictures.' b'' b'(it\'s "kirlian". "krillean" pictures are portraits of tiny shrimp. b'' b'[...]' b'' b'one might extrapolate here and say that this proves that every object' b'within the universe (as we know it) has its own energy signature.' b'' b"i think it's safe to say that anything that's not at degrees kelvin" b'will have its own "energy signature" the interesting questions are' b'what kind of energy, and what it signifies.' b'' b"i'd check places like edmund scientific (are they still in business?) b'or i wonder if you can find ex-soviet union equipment for sale somewhere' b'in the relcom.* hierarchy.' b'' b'some expansion on kirlian photography:' b'' b'from the credulous side: [stanway, andrew, _alternative medicine: a guide' b'to natural therapies_, isbn new york: viking penguin, b'p211, p188. a not-overly critical but still useful overview of b'alternative health therapies.]' b'' b'...the russian engineer semyon kirlian and his wife valentina during the' b"1950s. using alternating currents of high frequency to 'illuminate'" b'their subjects, they photographed them. they found that if an object' b'was a good conductor (such as a metal) the picture showed only its' b'surface, while the pictures of poor conductors showed the inner' b'structure of the object even if it were optically opaque. they found' b'too that these high frequency pictures could distinguish between dead' b'and living objects. dead ones had a constant outline whilst living ones' b"were subject to changes. the object's life activity was also visible in" b'highly variable colour patterns.' b'' b'high frequency photography has now been practised for twenty years in' b'the soviet union but only a few people in the west have taken it up' b'seriously. professor douglas dean in new york and professor philips at' b'washington university in st louis have produced kirlian photographs and' b'others have been produced in brazil, austria and germany.' b'' b"using kirlian photography it is possible to show an aura around people's" b'fingers, notably around those of healers who are concentrating on' b'healing someone. normally, blue and white rays emanate from the fingers' b'but, when a subject becomes angry or excited, the aura turns red and' b'spotty. the soviets are now using kirlian photography to diagnose' b'diseases which cannot be diagnosed by any other method. they argue that' b'in most illnesses there is a preclinical stage during which the person' b"isn't actually ill but is about to be. they claim to be able to" b'foretell a disease by photographing its preclinical phase.' b'' b'but the most exciting phenomenon illustrated by kirlian photography is' b'the phantom effect. during high frequency photography of a leaf from' b'which a part had been cut, the photograph gave a complete picture of the' b'leaf with the removed part showing up faintly. this is extremely' b"important because it backs up the experiences of psychics who can 'see'" b'the legs of amputees as if they were still there. the important thing' b'about the kirlian phantoms though is that the electromagnetic pattern' b"can't possibly represent a secondary phenomenon or the field would" b'vanish when the piece of leaf or leg vanished. the energy grid' b'contained in a living object must therefore be far more significant than' b'the actual object itself.' b'' b'[...]' b'' b"kirlian photography has shown how water mentally 'charged' by a healer" b'has a much richer energy field around it than ordinary water...' b'' b'' b'from the incredulous side: [macrobert, alan, "reality shopping; a' b'consumer\'s guide to new age hokum.", _whole earth review_, autumn b'vnon4 p4(11). an excellent article providing common-sense guidelines for' b"evaluating paranormal claims, and some of the author's favorite examples" b'of hokum.]' b'' b'the crank usually works in isolation from everyone else in his field of' b'study, making grand discoveries in his basement. many paranormal' b'movements can be traced back to such people kirlian photography, for' b'instance. if you pump high-voltage electricity into anything it will' b'emit glowing sparks, common knowledge to electrical workers and' b'hobbyists for a century. it took a lone basement crank to declare that' b'the sparks represent some sort of spiritual aura. in fact, kirlian' b'photography was subjected to rigorous testing by physicists john o.' b'pehek, harry j. kyler, and david l. faust, who reported their findings' b'in the october issue of science. their conclusion: the' b'variations observed in kirlian photographs are due solely to moisture on' b'the surface of the body and not to mysterious "auras" or even' b'necessarily to changes in mood or mental state. nevertheless,' b'television shows, magazines, and books (many by famous' b'parapsychologists) continue to promote kirlian photography as proof of' b'the unknown.' b'' b'--' b'peter kaminski' 