b'' b'' b"mm also, don't forget that it's better for your health" b'mm to enjoy your steak than to resent your sprouts b'' b'yes!' b'' b'i call this notion "psychological health food" and, in fact, have' b'determined that the four food groups are ice cream, pizza, barbecue, and' b'chocolate. ideally, every meal should contain something from at least two' b'of these four groups. food does serve functions other than nutrition, and' b'one of them is keeping the organism happy and thus aiding its immune' b'system.' b'' b"and i didn't spend a million bucks commissioning a study that told me to" b'redraw my silly little pyramid in different colors and with a friendlier' b"typeface, either. (ref: consumer reports' back page--one of the best" b'things ever to turn up there.)' b'' b'ry to consume unrealistically large quantities of barbecued meat at a time."' b'' b'dm i have to confess that this is one of my few unfulfilled ambitions.' b'dm no matter how much i eat, it still seems realistic.' b'' b'yeah, i want to try one of those 42oz steaks (cooked over applewood) at' b"wally's wolf lodge inn in coeur d'alene. that seems quite" b'unrealistic--unrealistically small. and a few slabs of ribs from the east' b'texas smoker (rip, again) in louisville is not at all unrealistic either.' b'' b'what say we have a rec.food.cooking dinner at the moonlite bar-b-que inn in' b"owensboro? (it's all you can eat including lamb ribs mutton for about" b'$10.) we could invite julie kangas as guest of honor and see if the' b"moonlite's very hot sauce is too hot for her. (it is too hot for me, and i" b"don't say that very often.) and she could bring ice cream with crushed" b'dried chiltepins for dessert.' b'' b'and we could see if there is such a thing as an "unrealistically large' b'quantity" of barbecue--the owner of the moonlite estimates that the' b'owensboro restaurants serve a hundred thousand pounds of meat a week in the' b'summer, and forty thousand in the winter--in a town of or so. two' b'pounds per person per week? again, sure sounds unrealistic to me--thats' b'just too meager to be healthy.' b'' b"~ kiran (now a two-pound slab of ribs a day, that's realistic.)" b'' b'--' b"fuzzy pink niven's law: never waste calories. potato chips, candy," b'whipped cream, or hot fudge sundae consumption may involve you, your' b"dietician, your wardrobe, and other factors. but fuzzy pink's law implies:" b"don't eat soggy potato chips, or cheap candy, or fake whipped cream, or an" b'inferior hot fudge sundae.' b"larry niven, niven's laws, n-space" b'' 