b'' b'' b'we will be holding a bake and craft sale at communiversity in princeton on' b'nassau street, saturday april 24th p.m. to benefit the recurrent' b'respiratory papillomatosis foundation, a nonprofit foundation established to' b'encourage research toward a cure for recurrent respiratory papillomatosis. our' b'three year old daughter suffers from this disease. below is a press release' b'that appeared in local newspapers. hope you can join us.' b'' b'' b'on saturday, april as part of communiversity in princeton, a local family' b'will be having a bake and craft sale to raise money for and create public' b'awareness about a rare disease called recurrent respiratory papillomatosis.' b'' b"bill and marlene stern's daughter lindsay is afflicted with this disease" b'characterized by tumors attacking the inside of the larynx, vocal cords and' b'trachea. caused by a virus, the tumors grow, block the air passages and would' b'lead to death from suffocation without continual surgery to remove the growths.' b'three year old lindsay has undergone operations thus far since her diagnosis' b'last year and faces the prospect of over a hundred operations throughout her' b'lifetime.' b'' b'even though the disease is hardly a household word, it has affected the lives' b'of enough people to inspire the formation of the recurrent respiratory' b'papillomatosis foundation, a non-profit foundation whose goals are to provide' b'support for patients and families by networking patients and publishing a' b'newsletter, enhance awareness of rrp at the local and national level, and aid' b'in the prevention, cure, and treatment.' b'' b'since medical researchers know that the virus causing the disease is similar to' b'those viruses causing warts, they feel a cure would be within reach if money' b'were available for research. because rrp is rare, it not only gets scant' b'attention but also paltry funds to search for a cure. part of the rrp' b"foundation's mission is to change that." b'' b'anyone interested in contributing items to the bake and craft sale, please call' b'marlene or bill at monetary donations can be made at the' b"foundation's booth during communiversity, april 24th, to p.m., in downtown" b'princeton, or sent directly to:' b'' b'the recurrent respiratory foundation' b'50 wesleyan drive' b'hamilton sq., nj 