b'' b'this is the third and final call for votes for the creation of the' b'newsgroup misc.health.diabetes. a mass acknowledgement of valid votes' b'received as of april 19th gmt appears at the end of this' b'posting. please check the list to be sure that your vote has been' b'registered. read the instructions for voting carefully and follow' b'them precisely to be certain that you place a proper vote.' b'' b'instructions for voting:' b'' b'to place a vote for the creation of misc.health.diabetes, send an' b'' b'to place a vote against creation of misc.health.diabetes, send an' b'' b'the contents of the message should contain the line "i vote' b'for/against misc.health.diabetes as proposed". email messages sent to' b'the above addresses must constitute unambiguous and unconditional' b'votes for/against newsgroup creation as proposed. conditional votes' b'will not be accepted. only votes emailed to the above addresses will' b'be counted; mailed replies to this posting will be returned. in the' b'event that more than one vote is placed by an individual, only the' b'most recent vote will be counted.' b'' b'voting will continue until gmt, apr b'votes will not be accepted after this date.' b'' b'any administrative inquiries pertaining to this cfv may be made by' b'' b'the proposed charter appears below.' b'' b'--------------------------' b'' b'charter:' b'' b'misc.health.diabetes unmoderated' b'' b'1. the purpose of misc.health.diabetes is to provide a forum for the' b'discussion of issues pertaining to diabetes management, i.e.: diet,' b'activities, medicine schedules, blood glucose control, exercise,' b'medical breakthroughs, etc. this group addresses the issues of' b'management of both type i (insulin dependent) and type ii (non-insulin' b'dependent) diabetes. both technical discussions and general support' b'discussions relevant to diabetes are welcome.' b'' b'2. postings to misc.heath.diabetes are intended to be for discussion' b'purposes only, and are in no way to be construed as medical advice.' b'diabetes is a serious medical condition requiring direct supervision' b'by a primary health care physician.' b'' b'-----(end of charter)-----' b'' b'the following individuals have sent in valid votes:' b'' b'--' b'steve kirchoefer b'naval research laboratory microwave technology branch' b'washington, dc electronics sci. and tech. division' 