b'' b'' b'------------- cut here b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'gonorrhea colorado, b'================================' b'source: mmwr date: apr b'' b'the number of reported cases of gonorrhea in colorado increased b'from to after declining steadily during the 1980s. in comparison, in' b'the united states, reported cases of gonorrhea in continued an overall' b'decreasing trend this report summarizes an analysis of the increase in' b'gonorrhea in colorado in and characterizes trends in the occurrence of' b'this disease from through b'in cases of gonorrhea were reported to the colorado department' b'of health (cdh) compared with cases reported in during b'reported cases increased and among females and males, respectively' b'(table similar increases occurred among blacks, whites, and hispanics' b'(15.6%, and respectively); however, the number of reported cases' b'with race not specified increased from to and constituted b'of all reported cases in although the largest proportional increases by' b'age groups occurred among persons aged years and greater than or' b'equal to years these age groups accounted for only of all' b'reported cases in persons in the 15-19-year age group accounted for the' b'largest number of reported cases of gonorrhea during and the highest age' b'group-specific rate per b'reported cases of gonorrhea increased in the five-county denver' b'metropolitan area population: but decreased elsewhere in the' b'state (table half the cases of gonorrhea in the denver metropolitan area' b'occurred in of the census tracts; these represent neighborhoods' b'considered by sexually transmitted diseases (stds)/acquired immunodeficiency' b'syndrome (aids) field staff to be the focus of gang and drug activity.' b'when compared with the number of gonorrhea cases diagnosed among' b'men in the denver metro health clinic (dmhc, the primary public std clinic in' b'the denver metropolitan area) increased in and the number of visits' b'by males to the clinic increased concurrently, the number of cases' b'diagnosed among women increased by among self-identified heterosexual men,' b'the number of gonorrhea cases diagnosed at dmhc increased and comprised' b'94% of all cases diagnosed in males, while the number of cases diagnosed among' b'self-identified homosexual men remained low and in and b'respectively).' b'four selected laboratories in the metropolitan denver area (i.e., hmo,' b'university hospital, nonprofit family planning, and commercial) were contacted' b'to determine whether gonorrhea culture-positivity rates increased. gonorrhea' b'culture-positivity rates in three of four laboratories contacted increased' b'23%-33% from to while the rate was virtually unchanged in the' b'fourth (i.e., nonprofit family planning).' b'from through reported cases of gonorrhea among whites and' b'hispanics in colorado decreased; in comparison, reported cases among blacks' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'increased since (figure during the population in colorado' b'increased for blacks, for hispanics, and for whites. in b'the gonorrhea rate for blacks per persons) was times that for' b'whites per and times that for hispanics per b'(table among black females, reported cases of gonorrhea increased from' b'1988 through in the 15-19-year age group; among black males, cases' b'increased from through in both the 15-19-and 20-24-year age groups.' b'' b'reported by: ka gershman, md, jm finn, ne spencer, msph, std/aids program; re' b'hoffman, md, state epidemiologist, colorado dept of health. jm douglas, md,' b'denver dept of health and hospitals. surveillance and information systems br,' b'div of sexually transmitted diseases and hiv prevention, national center for' b'prevention svcs, cdc.' b'' b'editorial note: the increase in reported gonorrhea cases in colorado in b'may represent an overall increase in the occurrence of this disease or more' b'complete reporting stimulated by visitations to laboratories by cdh' b'surveillance staff during the increases in confirmed gonorrhea' b'cases at dmhc and in culture-positivity rates in three of four laboratories' b'suggest a real increase in gonorrhea rather than a reporting artifact.' b'however, the stable culture-positivity rate in the nonprofit family planning' b'laboratory (which serves a network of clinics statewide) indicates that the' b'gonorrhea increase did not uniformly affect all segments of the population.' b'one possible explanation for the increased occurrence of gonorrhea in' b'colorado may be gang- and drug-related sexual behavior, as implicated in a' b'recent outbreak of drug-resistant gonorrhea and other stds in colorado springs' b'(2). although the high morbidity census tracts in the denver metropolitan area' b'coincide with areas of gang and drug activity, this hypothesis requires' b'further assessment. to examine the possible role of drug use implicated' b'previously as a factor contributing to the national increase in syphilis b'-- the cdh std/aids program is collecting information from all persons in whom' b'gonorrhea is diagnosed regarding drug use, exchange of sex for money or drugs,' b'and gang affiliation.' b'the gonorrhea rate for blacks in colorado substantially exceeds the' b'national health objective for the year per (objective' b'19.1a) race is likely a risk marker rather than a risk factor for' b'gonorrhea and other stds. risk markers may be useful for identifying groups at' b'greatest risk for stds and for targeting prevention efforts. moreover, race-' b'specific variation in std rates may reflect differences in factors such as' b'socioeconomic status, access to medical care, and high-risk behaviors.' b'in response to the increased occurrence of gonorrhea in colorado,' b'interventions initiated by the cdh std/aids program include targeting' b'partner notification in the denver metropolitan area to persons in groups at' b'increased risk (e.g., 15-19-year-old black females and 20-24-year-old black' b'males); implementing a media campaign (e.g., public service radio' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'announcements, signs on city buses, newspaper advertisements, and posters in' b'schools and clinics) to promote awareness of std risk and prevention targeted' b'primarily at high-risk groups, and developing teams of peer educators to' b'perform educational outreach in high-risk neighborhoods. the educational' b'interventions are being developed and implemented with the assistance of' b'members of the target groups and with input from a forum of community leaders' b'and health-care providers.' b'' b'references' b'' b'1. cdc. table ii. cases of selected notifiable diseases, united states, weeks' b'ending december and december (52nd week). mmwr b'' b'2. cdc. gang-related outbreak of penicillinase-producing neisseria gonorrhoeae' b'and other sexually transmitted diseases colorado springs, colorado, b'1991. mmwr b'' b'3. cdc. relationship of syphilis to drug use and prostitution connecticut' b'and philadelphia, pennsylvania. mmwr b'' b'4. rolfs rt, goldberg m, sharrar rg. risk factors for syphilis: cocaine use' b'and prostitution. am j public health b'' b'5. andrus jk, fleming dw, harger dr, et al. partner notification: can it' b'control epidemic syphilis? ann intern med b'' b'6. gershman ka, rolfs rt. diverging gonorrhea and syphilis trends in the' b'1980s: are they real? am j public health b'' b'7. public health service. healthy people national health promotion and' b'disease prevention objectives--full report, with commentary. washington, dc:' b'us department of health and human services, public health service, dhhs' b'publication no. (phs)91-50212.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'effectiveness in disease and injury prevention' b'impact of adult safety-belt use on restraint use among' b'children less than years of age selected states,' b'1988 and b'======================================================' b'source: mmwr date: apr b'' b'motor-vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death among children and' b'young adults in the united states and account for more than million years of' b'potential life lost before age annually child safety seats and safety' b'belts can substantially reduce this loss from through all b'states passed legislation requiring the use of child safety seats or safety' b'belts for children. although these laws reduce injuries to young children by' b'an estimated motor-vehicle crash-related injuries remain a major' b'cause of disability and death among u.s. children while the use of' b'occupant restraints among children decreases inversely with age usage for' b'those aged years; aged years; and aged years) in' b'addition, parents who do not use safety belts themselves are less likely to' b'use restraints for their children to characterize the association between' b'adult safety-belt use and adult-reported consistent use of occupant restraints' b'for the youngest child aged less than years within a household, cdc' b'analyzed data obtained from the behavioral risk factor surveillance system' b'(brfss) during and this report summarizes the findings from this' b'study.' b'data were available for respondents aged greater than or equal to' b'18 years in states that participated in brfss a population-based,' b'random-digit-dialed telephone survey and administered a standard injury' b'control and child safety module developed by cdc. of these respondents, b'(26%) had a child aged less than years in their household. each respondent' b"was asked to specify the child's age and the frequency of restraint use for" b'that child. the two categories of child restraint and adult safety-belt use in' b'this analysis were consistent use (i.e., always buckle up) and less than' b'consistent use (i.e., almost always, sometimes, rarely, or never buckle up).' b'data were weighted to provide estimates representative of each state. software' b'for survey data analysis (sudaan) was used to calculate point estimates' b'and confidence intervals. statistically significant differences were defined' b'by p values of less than b'each of the states had some type of child restraint law. of these, six' b'(arizona, kentucky, maine, nebraska, rhode island, and west virginia) had no' b'law requiring adults to use safety belts; four (idaho, maryland, pennsylvania,' b'and washington) had a secondary enforcement mandatory safety-belt law (i.e., a' b'vehicle had to be stopped for a traffic violation before a citation for nonuse' b'of safety belts could be issued); and one state (new york) had a primary' b'enforcement mandatory safety-belt law (i.e., vehicles could be stopped for a' b'safety-belt law violation alone). in nine states, child-passenger protection' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'laws included all children aged less than years, but the other two states' b'used both age and size of the child as criteria for mandatory restraint use.' b'the analysis in this report subgrouped states into those having a law' b'requiring adult safety-belt use (law states), and those without such a law' b'(no-law states).' b'overall, of children aged less than years reportedly were not' b'consistently restrained during automobile travel. both child restraint use and' b'adult restraint use were significantly higher (p less than chi-square' b'test) in law states than in no-law states versus and versus' b'43.2%, respectively).' b'high rates of restraint use for children aged less than or equal to b'year were reported by both adults indicating consistent and less than' b'consistent safety-belt use (figure adults with consistent use reported' b"high rates of child-occupant restraint use regardless of the child's age" b'(range: for 1-year-olds to for 10-year-olds). in comparison, for' b'adults reporting less than consistent safety-belt use, the rate of child-' b'occupant restraint use declined sharply by the age of the child (range: b'for 1-year-olds to for 10-year-olds). when comparing children of' b'consistent adult safety-belt users with children of less than consistent adult' b'safety-belt users, confidence intervals overlap for the two youngest age' b'groups (i.e., aged less than and year).' b'reported child-occupant restraint use in law states generally exceeded' b'that in no-law states, regardless of age of child (table in addition,' b'higher adult educational attainment was significantly associated with' b'increased restraint use for children, a factor that has also been associated' b'with increased adult safety-belt use b'' b'reported by: national center for injury prevention and control; national' b'center for chronic disease prevention and health promotion, cdc.' b'' b'editorial note: the findings in this report are consistent with others' b'indicating that adults who do not use safety belts themselves are less likely' b'to employ occupant restraints for their children because these' b'nonbelted adults are at increased risk of crashing and more likely to exhibit' b'other risk-taking behaviors, children traveling with them may be at greater' b'risk for motor-vehicle injury b'educational attainment of adult respondents was inversely associated with' b'child restraint use in this report. accordingly, occupant-protection programs' b'should be promoted among parents with low educational attainment. because low' b'educational attainment is often associated with low socioeconomic status, such' b'programs should be offered to adults through health-care facilities that serve' b'low-income communities or through federal programs (i.e., head start) that are' b'directed at parents with young children.' b'injury-prevention programs emphasize restraining young children. in' b'addition, however, efforts must be intensified to protect child occupants as' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'they become older. parents, especially those with low educational attainment,' b'those who do not consistently wear safety belts, and those from states that do' b'not have mandatory safety-belt use laws, should be encouraged to wear safety' b'belts and to protect their children by using approved child safety seats and' b'safety belts. finally, the increased use of restraints among children may' b'increase their likelihood of using safety belts when they become teenagers b'the age group characterized by the lowest rate of safety-belt use and the' b'highest rate of fatal crashes b'' b'references' b'' b'1. cdc. childhood injuries in the united states. am j dis child b'46.' b'' b'2. partyka sc. papers on child restraints: effectiveness and use. washington,' b'dc: us department of transportation, national highway traffic safety' b'administration, report no. dot-hs-807-286.' b'' b'3. guerin d, mackinnon d. an assessment of the california child passenger' b'restraint requirement. am j public health b'' b'4. hall w, orr b, suttles d, et al. progress report on increasing child' b'restraint usage through local education and distribution programs. chapel' b'hill, north carolina: university of north carolina at chapel hill, highway' b'safety research center, b'' b'5. national highway traffic safety administration. occupant protection trends' b'in cities. washington, dc: us department of transportation, national' b'highway traffic safety administration, b'' b'6. wagenaar ac, molnar lj, margolis lh. characteristics of child safety seat' b'users. accid anal prev b'' b'7. shah bv, barnwell bg, hunt pn, lavange lm. software for survey data' b'analysis (sudaan) version software documentation. research triangle' b'park, north carolina: research triangle institute, b'' b'8. lund ak. voluntary seat belt use among u.s. drivers: geographic,' b'socioeconomic and demographic variation. accid anal prev b'' b'9. margolis lh, wagenaar ac, molnar lj. use and misuse of automobile child' b'restraint devices. am j dis child b'' b'10. hunter ww, stutts jc, stewart jr, rodgman ea. characteristics of seatbelt' b'users and non-users in a state with a mandatory use law. health education' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'research b'' b'* arizona, idaho, kentucky, maine, maryland, nebraska, new york, pennsylvania,' b'rhode island, washington, and west virginia.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'publication of cdc surveillance summaries' b'=========================================' b'source: mmwr date: apr b'' b'since cdc has published the cdc surveillance summaries under' b'separate cover as part of the mmwr series. each report published in the cdc' b'surveillance summaries focuses on public health surveillance; surveillance' b'findings are reported for a broad range of risk factors and health conditions.' b'summaries for each of the reports published in the most recent (march b'1993) issue of the cdc surveillance summaries are provided below. all' b'subscribers to mmwr receive the cdc surveillance summaries, as well as the' b'mmwr recommendations and reports, as part of their subscriptions.' b'' b'surveillance for and comparison of birth defect prevalences' b'in two geographic' b'areas united states, b'' b'problem/condition: cdc and some states have developed surveillance' b'systems to monitor the birth prevalence of major defects.' b'reporting period covered: this report covers birth defects surveillance' b'in metropolitan atlanta, georgia, and selected jurisdictions in california for' b'the years b'description of system: the california birth defects monitoring program' b'and the metropolitan atlanta congenital defects program are two population-' b'based surveillance systems that employ similar data collection methods. the' b'prevalence estimates for diagnostic categories were based on data for b'1988 for births in california and births in metropolitan' b'atlanta. the prevalences in the two areas were compared, adjusting for race,' b'sex, and maternal age by using poisson regression.' b'results: regional differences in the prevalence of aortic stenosis, fetal' b'alcohol syndrome, hip dislocation/dysplasia, microcephalus, obstruction of the' b'kidney/ureter, and scoliosis/lordosis may be attributable to general' b'diagnostic variability. however, differences in the prevalences of arm/hand' b'limb reduction, encephalocele, spina bifida, or trisomy (down syndrome) are' b'probably not attributable to differences in ascertainment, because these' b'defects are relatively easy to diagnose.' b'interpretation: regional differences in prenatal diagnosis and pregnancy' b'termination may affect prevalences of trisomy and spina bifida. however,' b'the reason for differences in arm/hand reduction is unknown, but may be' b'related to variability in environmental exposure, heterogeneity in the gene' b'pool, or random variation.' b'actions taken: because of the similarities of these data bases, several' b'collaborative studies are being implemented. in particular, the differences in' b'the birth prevalence of spina bifida and down syndrome will focus attention on' b'the impact of prenatal diagnosis. authors: jane schulman, ph.d., nancy' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'jensvold, m.p.h, gary m. shaw, dr.p.h., california birth defects monitoring' b'program, march of dimes birth defects foundation. larry d. edmonds, m.s.p.h.,' b'anne b. mcclearn, division of birth defects and developmental disabilities,' b'national center for environmental health, cdc.' b'' b'influenza united states, b'' b'problem/condition: cdc monitors the emergence and spread of new influenza' b'virus variants and the impact of influenza on morbidity and mortality annually' b'from october through may.' b'reporting period covered: this report covers u.s. influenza surveillance' b'conducted from october through may b'description of system: weekly reports from the vital statistics offices' b"of cities provided an index of influenza's impact on mortality; who" b'collaborating laboratories reported weekly identification of influenza' b'viruses; weekly morbidity reports were received both from the state and' b'territorial epidemiologists and from sentinel family practice physicians.' b'nonsystematic reports of outbreaks and unusual illnesses were received' b'throughout the year.' b'results: during the influenza season, influenza a(h1n1) and b' b'viruses were identified in the united states with essentially equal frequency' b'overall, although both regional and temporal patterns of predominance shifted' b'over the course of the season. throughout the season increases in the indices' b'of influenza morbidity in regions where influenza a(h1n1) predominated were' b'similar to increases in regions where influenza b predominated. only of' b'identified viruses were influenza a(h3n2), but isolations of this subtype' b'increased as the season waned, and it subsequently predominated during the' b'1989-90 season. during the season outbreaks in nursing homes were' b'reported in association with influenza b and a(h3n2) but not influenza' b'a(h1n1).' b'interpretation: the alternating temporal and geographic predominance of' b'influenza strains a(h1n1) and b during the season emphasizes the' b'importance of continual attention to regional viral strain surveillance, since' b'amantadine is effective only for treatment and prophylaxis of influenza a.' b'actions taken: weekly interim analyses of surveillance data produced' b'throughout the season allow physicians and public health officials to make' b"informed choices regarding appropriate use of amantadine. cdc's annual" b'surveillance allows the observed viral variants to be assessed as candidates' b'for inclusion as components in vaccines used in subsequent influenza seasons.' b'authors: louisa e. chapman, m.d., m.s.p.h., epidemiology activity, office of' b'the director, division of viral and rickettsial diseases, national center for' b'infectious diseases; margaret a. tipple, m.d., division of quarantine,' b'national center for prevention services, cdc. suzanne gaventa folger, m.p.h.,' b'health investigations branch, division of health studies, agency for toxic' b'substances and disease registry. maurice harmon, ph.d., connaught' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'laboratories, pasteur-mirieux company, swiftwater, pennsylvania. alan p.' b'kendal, ph.d., european regional office, world health organization,' b'copenhagen, denmark. nancy j. cox, ph.d., influenza branch, division of viral' b'and rickettsial diseases, national center for infectious diseases; lawrence b.' b'schonberger, m.d., m.p.h., epidemiology activity, office of the director,' b'division of viral and rickettsial diseases, national center for infectious' b'diseases, cdc.' b'' b'reference' b'' b'1. cdc. cdc surveillance summaries (march mmwr 1993;42(no. ss-1).' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'' b'' b'::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::' b'clinical research news' b'::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::' b'' b'clinical research news for' b'arizona physicians' b'' b'vol. no. april tucson, arizona' b'' b'published monthly by the office of public affairs at the university of arizona' b'health sciences center.' b'copyright the university of arizona' b'' b'high tech assisted reproductive technologies' b'' b'following the birth of the first in vitro fertilization-embryo transfer (ivf-' b'et) baby in a host of assisted reproductive technologies have been' b'developed that include ivf-et, gamete intrafallopian tube transfer (gift),' b'embryo cryopreservation (freezing) and gamete micromanipulation. together,' b'these technologies are referred to as the high-tech assisted reproductive' b'technology (art) procedures.' b'' b'ovulation induction, sperm insemination and surgery for tubal disease and/or' b'pathology still are the mainstays of the therapies available for infertility' b'management. however, when these fail, it almost always is appropriate to' b'proceed with one of the art procedures.' b'' b'therefore, in addition to a comprehensive basic and general infertility' b'service at the university of arizona center for reproductive endocrinology and' b'infertility, there is a program of assisted reproduction that specializes in' b'art procedures. this program serves as a tertiary provider for those patients' b'in the state of arizona whose infertility problems cannot be resolved by the' b'traditional therapies.' b'' b'the following article (on back) describes the art procedures available in our' b'center, clarifies appropriate applications for each, and considers the' b'realistic expectations for their success. procedures included are:' b'' b'o in vitro' b'o fertilization embryo transfer (ivf-et), gamete intrafallopian tube' b'transfer' b'o (gift), cryopreservation of human embryos and gamete micromanipulation.' b'this article also considers ongoing research in our program that is directed' b'towards improved success of these technologies.' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'future areas of research' b'' b'in addition to ongoing research that is directed exclusively toward the' b'management of infertile couples, we are developing the technology to assist' b'couples who are at risk for producing embryos with a serious hereditary' b'disease.' b'' b'this technology involves biopsying the preimplantation human embryo and then' b'subjecting the biopsied cells to genetic analysis using either dna' b'amplification or fluorescent in situ hybridization.' b'' b'there are recent reports of the successful application of dna amplification by' b'other centers, for example, for diagnosis of the genes for cystic fibrosis and' b'hemophilia. we hope to apply and further focus fluorescent in situ' b'hybridization technology for probing the x chromosome, the identification of' b'which will provide a scientific basis for counselling patients who exhibit' b'sex-linked disorders.' b'' b'the considerable clinical application of such technology lies in the fact that' b'it circumvents the need for prenatal diagnosis, in addition to the possibility' b'of a subsequent termination of affected fetuses, in order to avoid the birth' b'of affected children.' b'' b'' b'catherine racowsky, ph.d.' b'associate professor and director of research' b'department of obstetrics and gynecology' b'college of medicine' b'university of arizona' b'tucson, arizona' b'' b'applications, success rates and advances for the' b'management of infertility' b'' b'the following are the art procedures available at the university of arizona' b'center for reproductive endocrinology and infertility.' b'' b'in vitro fertilization embryo transfer is the core art procedure of our' b'assisted reproduction program. this procedure involves retrieval of' b'unfertilized eggs from the ovary, their insemination in vitro in a dish, and' b'the culture of resultant embryos for or days, before they are transferred' b"to the patient's uterus. all cultures are maintained in an incubator under" b'strictly controlled atmospheric and temperature conditions. before being' b'processed for use in insemination, semen samples are evaluated in our' b'andrology laboratory using both subjective light microscopy and computer-' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'assisted semen analyses. to ensure an adequate number of eggs with which to' b'perform ivf-et, or indeed, gift, follicular development is typically' b'stimulated, with gonadotropins (perganol, metrodin), gonadotropin releasing' b'hormone (gnrh, factrel, lutrepulse) and/or gnrh analogues (lupron, depo' b'lupron, synarel). occasionally, however, ivf-et is accomplished with eggs' b'obtained in non-stimulated cycles. while some programs utilize laparoscopic' b'egg retrieval in the operating room with the patient under general anesthesia,' b'we undertake the less costly approach of ultrasound-guided retrieval in our' b'infertility unit, with the patient sedated.' b'couples who resort to ivf-et exhibit such pathologies as tubal' b'deficiencies, ovulatory dysfunction, endometriosis, and/or mild forms of male' b'factor infertility. according to the united states ivf registry, the overall' b'success rate for ivf-et nationwide has stabilized at about percent per' b'cycle. results from our program, involving patients who have undergone b'ivf-et cycles, reflect a comparable success rate.' b'nevertheless, the overall incidence of success with this procedure is' b'disconcertingly low and emphasizes the need to address those physiological' b'factors that limit achievement of a higher percentage of pregnancies. well' b'recognized predictors of outcome include patient age, response to exogenous' b'ovarian stimulation, quality of sperm and number of repeated ivf-et cycle' b'attempts. however, among these, age is the single most significant determinant' b'of conception. therefore, it is critical that such patients are referred to an' b'assisted reproduction program at the earliest opportunity following failure of' b'traditional therapies.' b'the underlying basis for the negative effect of age on fertility has not' b'been clearly delineated beyond recognition that: the number of eggs' b'available for retrieval declines markedly with age; fertilization rates' b'significantly decrease in eggs retrieved from patients who are over years;' b'and provided the appropriate hormonal background is present, age is' b'unrelated to uterine competency to sustain pregnancy. ongoing research in our' b'center, therefore, is investigating physiological changes in the egg that may' b'be impacted by age. we have determined that more than percent of eggs that' b'fail to fertilize in vitro are chromosomally abnormal, and that a significant' b'proportion of these abnormalities are accountable to patient age. currently,' b'the only recourse for such patients is to use eggs obtained from a donor. our' b'program has initiated recruitment of volunteer egg donors to satisfy the needs' b'of a list of recipients interested in this form of therapy.' b'' b'gift this high-tech art procedure is performed in the operating room,' b'usually with the use of a laparoscope and, in contrast to ivf-et, involves' b'introducing sperm and freshly retrieved eggs into the lumen of the fallopian' b'tube (an average of eggs/tube). under these circumstances, fertilization' b'occurs in vivo and, if excess eggs are retrieved, the remainder undergo ivf,' b'with subsequent options for embryo transfer in that cycle, or freezing for' b'transfer in a subsequent cycle. this art procedure is applied to cases in' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'which there is at least one patent fallopian tube but the couple has such' b'pathologies as ovulatory dysfunction, endometriosis, male factor infertility' b'and/or idiopathic infertility.' b'the data reported in the united states ivf registry for through b'indicate that the overall success rate with gift is higher than that obtained' b'with the ivf-et technique (range of clinical pregnancies for gift is to b'percent and for ivf-et to percent). in view of this fact, one might' b'expect more patients to be treated with gift than ivf-et. however, in our' b'program we have taken into account three basic concerns which, while' b'substantially reducing the number of gift cycles performed, benefit the' b'patient. these concerns are: the increased costs associated with performing' b'a procedure in the operating room; the risks, albeit minimal, of undergoing' b'general anesthesia; and the considerable benefits to be accrued from' b'obtaining direct information on the quality and fertilizability of the eggs,' b'and the developmental competency of resultant embryos.' b'the increased success with gift undoubtedly reflects the artificial' b'environment provided by the laboratory in the ivf-et procedure. between' b'january and december we have performed a total of gift' b'cycles, with an overall success rate of percent.' b'embryo cryopreservation, or freezing, is applied in our program when' b'embryos result from residual gift eggs or from non-transferred ivf embryos.' b'this procedure not only provides patients with a subsequent opportunity for' b'success at much reduced costs, but also circumvents the legal and ethical' b'issues relating to disposal of supernumerary embryos. therefore, as stipulated' b'by the american fertility society ethical guidelines for art programs, from' b'both a practical and an ethical standpoint, all assisted reproduction programs' b'should have the capability of cryopreserving human embrys.' b'gamete micromanipulation this art procedure, which is still very new,' b'is applied to couples who are unaccepting of insemination with donor semen but' b'who have severe male factor infertility (less than million sperm/ml in' b'combination with fewer than perccent motile sperm, and/or less than b'percent sperm with normal morphology). we are currently developing the' b'procedure of sub-zonal insertion (szi), which entails injecting sperm under' b'the coating around the egg, the barrier normally penetrated by the sperm' b'through enzymatic digestion.' b'available data from szi programs world-wide indicate that only to b'percent of szi cycles result in a pregnancy. this statistic undoubtedly' b'relates to limitations imposed by abnormalities inherent in the sperm.' b'therefore, we are currently focusing on the development of improved techniques' b'for the recognition and selection of sperm chosen for manipulation. such' b'efforts are unquestionably worthwhile in view of the fact that this technology' b'offers the only realistic opportunity for severe male factor patients to' b'establish conception.' b'' b'catherine racowsky, ph.d.' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'associate professor and director of research' b'department of obstetrics and gynecology' b'college of medicine' b'--------- end of part b'' b'---' 