b'' b'' b'path: news.larc.nasa.gov!darwin.sura.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!linac!att!bu.edu!dozonoff' b'newsgroups: sci.med' b'date: apr gmt' b'lines: b'x-newsreader: tin pl5' b'' b':' b'{much deleted]' b':' b':' b': the fact that this happened while eating two sugar coated cereals made' b": by kellog's makes me think she might be having an allergic reaction to" b': something in the coating or the cereals. of the four of us in our' b': immediate family, kathryn shows the least signs of the hay fever, running' b': nose, itchy eyes, etc. but we have a lot of allergies in our family history' b': including some weird food allergies nuts, mushrooms.' b':' b'' b'many of these cereals are corn-based. after your post i looked in the' b'literature and located two articles that implicated corn (contains' b'tryptophan) and seizures. the idea is that corn in the diet might' b'potentiate an already existing or latent seizure disorder, not cause it.' b"check to see if the two kellog cereals are corn based. i'd be interested." b'--' b'david ozonoff, md, mph\t\t |boston university school of public health' b'(617) 638-4620\t\t\t |boston, ma b'' b'' b'a couple of folks have suggested the "corn connection". in the five month' b'period between the two seizures, my daughter had eaten a fair amount of' b'kix and berry berry kix in the mornings and never had a problem. i checked' b'the labels and the first ingredient is corn. she has also never had a problem' b'eating corn or corn on the cob but of course, that is usually later in the day' b'with a full stomach so the absorption would not be so high. i do believe that' b'frost flakes have corn in them but i will have to check the fruit loops. but' b'the fact that she has eaten this other corny cereal in the morning makes me' b'wonder.' b'' b'thanks for checking into this. all information at this point is valuable to me.' b'' b'sharon' b'--' b'nasa langley research center' b'bldg. 1192d, mailstop work: b'hampton, virginia. home: 