b'' b'the mass of anectdotal evidence, combined with the lack of' b'a properly constructed scientific experiment disproving' b'the hypothesis, makes the msg reaction hypothesis the' b'most likely explanation for events.' b'' b'the following is from a critique of a minutes" presentation on msg' b'which was aired on november 3rd, the critique comes from the tufts' b'diet and nutrition letter, february [...edited for brevity...]' b'' b'"chances are good that if you watched minutes\' last november' b'3rd you came away feeling msg is bad for you. in' b"the segment entitled 'no msg,' for instance, show host ed bradley" b'makes alarming statements without adequately substantiating them' b"('millions are suffering a host of symptoms, and some get violently" b"sick'); peppers his report with sensational but clinically unproven" b'personal testimony...; and speaks of studies on msg that make the' b'substance seem harmful without explaining just how inconclusive' b'those studies are.' b'' b'consider his making reference at the beginning of the program to' b'a study conducted at the eastern virginia medical school in order' b"to back up his comment that there is 'a lot of evidence' that msg," b'a flavor enhancer in chinese and other asian cuisines as well as' b'in many supermarket items, causes headaches. what he does not' b'make reference to is the fact that the study was performed not on' b'humans but on rabbits.' b'' b'one of the researchers who conducted the study, pharmacologist' b'patricia williams, ph.d., says it certainly is conceivable that' b'a small minority of people are sensitive enough to msg to get' b"headaches from it. 'but,' she explains, 'the show probably" b"overemphasized the extent of the problem.'" b'' b'a second lapse comes with mention of dr. john olney, a professor' b'at the washington university school of medicine who, mr. bradley' b"remarks, 'says that his years of research with laboratory" b"animals shows msg is a hazard for developing youngsters' because" b"it poses a threat of irreversible brain damage. dr. olney's" b"research with lab animals does not 'show' anything about human" b'youngsters.' b'' b"in fact, only under extreme circumsrtances did dr. olney's" b'experiments ever bring about any brain damage: when he injected' b'extremely high doses of msg into rodents, completely bypassing' b'their digestive tracts and entering their bloodstreams more directly,' b'and when he used tubes to force-feed huge amounts of the substance' b'to very young animals on an empty stomach. of course, neither' b'of those procedures occurs with humans; they simply take in msg' b'with food. and most of what they take in is broken down by' b'enzymes in the wall of the small intestine, so that very little' b'reaches the bloodstream much to little, in fact, for human' b'blood levels of msg to come anywhere near the high concentrations' b"found in dr. olney's lab animals....." b'' b'the world health organization appears to be very much aware of' b"that fact. and so does the european communities' scientific" b'committee for food....both, after examining numerous studies,' b'have concluded that msg is safe.' b'' b'their determination makes sense, considering that msg has never' b'been proven to cause all the symptoms that have been attributed' b'to it headaches, swelling, a tightness in the chest, and a' b'burning sensation, among others. in fact, the most fail-safe' b'of clinical studies, the double-blind study..., has consistently' b'exonerated the much-maligned substance.' b'' b"that's quite fortunate since the alleged hazardous component of" b'monosodium glutamate, glutamate, enters our systems whenever' b'we eat any food that contains protein. the reason is that one' b'of the amino acids that make up protein, glutamic acid, is broken' b'down into glutamate during digestion.' b'' b"it's a breakdown that occurs frequently. glutamic acid is the" b'most abundant of the or so amino acids in the diet. it makes' b'up about percent of the protein in flesh foods, percent in' b'milk, percent in corn, and percent in whole wheat.' b'' b"that doesn't mean it's entirely unimaginable that a small number" b'of people have trouble metabolizing msg properly and are therefore' b'sensitive to it...the consensus reached by large, international' b'professional organizations [is that msg is safe], the same consensus' b'reached by the fda and the biomedical community at large."' b'' b'' b"-rich young (these are not kodak's opinions.)" 