b'' b'i got asked in sci. med. nutrition about vitamin c and oxalate production(' b'toxic, kidney stone formation?). i decided to post my answer here as well' b'because of the recent question about kidney stones. not long after i got' b'into sci. med. i got flamed by a medical fellow for stating that magnesium' b"would prevent kidney stone formation. i'm going to state it again here." b'but the best way to prevent kidney stones from forming is to take b6' b'supplements. read on to find out why(i have my asbestos suit on now guys).' b'' b'vitamin c will form oxalic acid. but large doses are needed (above grams' b'per day).' b'' b'1. review article "nutritional factors in calcium containing kidney' b'stones with particular emphasis on vitamin c" int. clin. nutr. rev.' b'5(3):110-129(1985).' b'' b'but glycine also forms oxalic acid(d-amino acid oxidases). for both' b'glycine and vitamin c, one of the best ways to drastically reduce this' b'production is not to cut back on dietary intake of vitamin c or glycine,' b'but to increase your intake of vitamin b6.' b'' b'2. "control of hyperoxaluria with large doses of pyridoxine in' b'patients with kidney stones" int. urol. nephrol. b'200 to mg of b6 each day significasntly decreased the urinary' b'excretion of oxalate over the month treatment program.' b'' b'3. the action of pyridoxine in primary hyperoxaluria" clin. sci. b':277-86(1970). patients receiving at least 150mg b6 each day' b'showed a significant reduction in urinary oxalate levels.' b'' b'for gylcine, this effect is due to increased transaminase activity(b6 is' b'required for transaminase activity) which makes less glycine available for' b'oxidative deamination(d-amino acid oxidases). for vitamin c, the effect is' b'quite different. there are different pathways for vitamin c catabolism.' b'the pathway that leads to oxalic acid formation will usually have to b'of the ingested dose going into oxalic acid. but this is highly variable' b'and the vitamin c review article pointed out that unless the dose gets upto' b'6 grams per day, not too much vitamin c gets catabolized to form oxalic' b'acid. at very high doses of vitamin c(above grams per day), more of the' b'extra vitamin c (more than conversion) can end up as oxalic acid. in a' b'very early study on vitamin c and oxalic production(proc. soc. exp. biol.' b'med. intakes of grams per day up to grams per day' b'increased the average oxalic acid excretion from 38mg per day up to 178mg' b'per day. until grams per day was reached, the average excreted was' b'increased by only to 12mg per day(2 gram dose, gram dose, gram dose' b'and 9gram dose). grams jumped it to 45mg over the average excretion' b'before supplementation and grams jumped it to mg over the average' b'before supplementation.' b'' b'b6 is required by more enzymes than any other vitamin in the body. there' b"are probably some enzymes that require vitamin b6 that we don't know about" b'yet. vitamin c catabolism is still not completely understood but the' b'speculation is that this other pathway that does not form oxalic acid must' b'have an enzyme in it that requires b6. differences in b6 levels could then' b'explain the very variable production of oxalic acid from a vitamin c' b'challenge(this is not the preferred route of catabolism). increasing your' b'intake of b6 would then result in less oxalic acid being formmed if you' b'take vitamin c supplements. since the typical american diet is deficient' b'in b6, some researchers believe that the main cause of calcium-oxalate' b'kidney stones is b6 deficiency(especially since so little oxalic acid gets' b'absorbed from the gut). diets providing to 130mg of oxalic acid per day' b'showed absolutely no change in urinary excretion of oxalate(urol int.35:309' b'-15,1980). if 400mg was present each day, there was a significant increase' b'in urinary oxalate excretion.' b'' b'here are the high oxalate foods:' b'' b'1. beans, coca, instant coffee, parsley, rhubarb, spinach and tea.' b'contain at least 25mg/100grams' b'' b'2. beet tops, carrots, celery, chocolate, cumber, grapefruit, kale,' b'peanuts, pepper, sweet potatoe.' b'contain to mg/100grams.' b'' b'if the threshold is 130mg per day, you can see that you really have a lot' b'of latitude in food selection. a recent n.eng.j. med. article also points' b'out that one good way to prevent kidney stone formation is to increase your' b'intake of calcium which will prevent most of the dietary oxalate from being' b"absorbed at all. if you also increase your intake of b6, you shouldn't" b'have to worry about kidney stones at all. the rda for b6 is 2mg per day for' b'males and 1.6mg per day for females(directly related to protein intake).' b'b6 can be toxic(nerve damage) if it is consumed in doses of 500mg or more' b'per day for an extended peroid(weeks to months).' b'' b'the usda food survey done in had an average intake of mg per day' b'for males and 1.16mg per day for females living in the u.s. coupled with' b'this low intake was a high protein diet(which greatly increases the b6' b'requirement), as well as the presence of some of the different drugs that' b'either block b6 absorption, are metabolic antagonists of b6, or promote b6' b'excretion in the urine. common ones are: birth control pills, alcohol,' b'isoniazid, penicillamine, and corticosteroids. i tell my students to' b'supplement all their patients that are going to get any of the drugs that' b'increase the b6 requirement. the dose recommended for patients taking' b'birth control pills is 10-15mg per day and this should work for most of the' b'other drugs that increase the b6 requirement(this would be on top of your' b'dietary intake of b6). any patient that has a history of kidney stone' b'formation should be given b6 supplements.' b'' b'one other good way to prevent kidney stone formation is to make sure your' b'ca/mg dietary ratio is magnesium-oxalate is much more soluble than is' b'calcium-oxalate.' b'' b'4. "the magnesium:calcium ratio in the concentrated urines of' b'patients with calcium oxalate calculi"invest. urol b'' b'5. "effect of magnesium citrate and magnesium oxide on the' b'crystallization of calcium in urine: changes producted by food-magnesium' b'interaction"j. urol. b'' b'6.review article, "magnesium in the physiopathology and treatment' b'of renal calcium stones" j. presse med. b'' b'there are actually about three times as many articles published in the' b'medical literature on the role of magnesium in preventing kidney stone' b'formation than there are for b6. i thought that i was being pretty safe in' b'stating that magnesium would prevent kidney stone formation in an earlier' b'post in this news group but good old john a. in mass. jumped all over me. i' b"guess that he doesn't read the medical literature. oh well, since kidney" b'stones can be a real pain and a lot of people suffer from them, i thought' b"i'd tell you how you can avoid the pain and stay out of the doctor's office." b'' b'martin banschbach, ph.d.' b'professor of biochemistry and chairman' b'department of biochemistry and microbiology' b'osu college of osteopathic medicine' b'1111 w. 17th street' b'tulsa, ok. b'' b'"without discourse, there is no remembering, without remembering, there is' b'no learning, without learning, there is only ignorance". from a wise man' b'who lived in china, many, many years ago. i think that it still has' b"meaning in today's world." b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' 