b'' b'' b" one thing that i haven't seen in this thread is a discussion of the" b' relation between ibd inflammation and the profile of ingested fatty' b' acids (fas).' b'' b" i was diagnosed last may w/crohn's of the terminal ileum. when i got" b' out of the hospital i read up on it a bit, and came across several' b' studies investigating the role of epa (an essentially fa) in reducing' b' inflammation. the evidence was mixed. [many of these studies are' b' discussed in "inflammatory bowel disease," macdermott, stenson. b'' b' but if i recall correctly, there were some methodological bones to be' b' picked with the studies (both the ones w/pos. and w/neg. results). in' b' the studies patients were given epa (a few grams/day for most of the' b' studies), but, if i recall correctly, there was no restriction of the' b' _other_ fas that the patients could consume. from the informed' b" layperson's perspective, this seems mistaken. if lots of n-6 fas are" b' consumed along with the epa, then the ratio of "bad" prostanoid' b' products to "good" prostanoid products could still be fairly "bad."' b" isn't this ratio the issue?" b'' b" what's the view of the gastro. community on epa these days? epa" b' supplements, along with a fairly severe restriction of other fas' b' appear to have helped me significantly (though it could just be the' b' low absolute amount of fat i eat calories).' b'' b'' b'as you note, the research is mixed, so there is no consensus on the' b'role of fatty acids in ulcerative colitis. there is a role for short' b'chain fatty acids in patients with colostomies and rectal pouches' b'that are inflammed (short is butyrate and shorter). there may be a role' b'for treatment of uc with short chain fatty acids, and i am looking' b'forward to the upcoming aga meeting in boston to see what people are' b'doing.' b'' b'you raise a hypothesis about the studies and restriction of other' b'fatty acids. you should contact the authors directly about that or' b'even write a letter to the editor it is a good point. by the way,' b'the abbreviation epa is not in general use, so i do not know what' b'fatty acid you are speaking about.' b'' b'and to brian an u of c there is a physician named stephen hanauer' b'there who is a recognized expert in the treatment of ibd. you might' b'give him a call. he is interested in new combinations of drugs for' b'the treatment of ibd. if you call please say hello to him from me,' b'i was looking at u of c for a position, and perhaps still am. and' b'be sure to look into joining the ccfa.' b'' b'best of luck.' b'' b'steve holland' 