b'' b'' b'hi,' b'' b"i've just returned from a visit with my ob/gyn and i have a few" b"concerns that maybe y'all can help me with. i've been seeing" b"her every weeks for the past few months (i'm at week b"and during the last visits i've gained to pounds every" b'4 weeks. she said this was unacceptable over any week period.' b"as it stands i've thus far gained pounds. also she says that" b"though i'm at weeks the baby's size is weeks, i think she" b'mentioned inches for the top of the fundus. when i was b"weeks the baby's size was weeks. i must also add, that i had" b"an operation a few years ago for endometriosis and i've had no" b'problems with endometriosis but apparently it is causing me pain' b'in my pelvic region during the pregnancy, and i have a very' b'difficult time moving, and the doc has recommended i not walk or' b'move unless i have to. (i have a little handicapped sticker for' b'when i do need to go out.)' b'' b"anyway that's of the situation the other is that almost from" b'the beginning of pregnancy i was getting sick (throwing up) about' b'2-3 times a day and mostly it was bile that was being eliminated.' b"(i told her about this). i know this because i wasn't eating" b"very much due to the nausea and could see the 'results'. well" b'now i only get sick about once every weeks, and it is still bile' b'related. but in addition i had begun to feel movement near my' b'upper right abdomen, just below the right breast, usually when i' b'was lying on my right side. it began to get worse though because' b'it started to hurt when i lay on my right side, and then it hurt' b'no matter what position i was in. next, i noticed that when i' b'ate greasy or fatty foods i felt like my entire abdomen had' b'turned to stone, and the pain in the area got worse. however if' b"i ate sauerkraut or vinegar or something to 'cut' the fat it" b"wasn't as much of a problem." b'' b'so the doctor says i have cholistatis, and that i should avoid' b'fatty foods. this makes sense, and because i was already aware' b'of what seemed to me this cause and effect relationship i have' b"been avoiding these foods on my own. but i'm still able to eat" b'foods with ricotta cheese for instance and other low fat foods.' b'' b'but doc wants me to be on a non-fat diet. this means no meat' b'except fish and chicken w/o skin (i do this anyway). no nuts,' b'fried food, cheese etc. i am allowed skim milk. she said i' b'should avoid anything sweet (e.g. bananas). also i must only' b'have one serving of something high in carbohydrates a day b"potatoes, pasta, rice)! she said i can't even cook vegetables in" b'a little bit of oil and that i should eat vegetables raw or' b"steamed. i'm concerned because i understand you need to have" b'some fat in your diet to help in the digestive process. and if' b"i'm not taking in fat, is she expecting the baby will take it" b'from my stores? and why this restriction on carbohydrates if' b"she's concerned about fat? i'm not clear how much of her" b'recommendation is based on my weight gain and how much on' b"cholistatis, which i can't seem to find any information on. she" b'originally said that i should only gain pounds during the' b'entire pregnancy since i was about lbs overweight when i' b'started. but my sister gained lbs during her pregnancy and' b"she's taken it all off and hasn't had any problems. she also" b'asked if any members of my family were obese, which none of them' b'are. anyway i think she is overly concerned about weight gain,' b"and feel like i'm being 'punished' by a severe diet. she did" b'want to see me again in one week so i think she the diet may be' b'temporary for that one week.' b'' b'what i want to know is how reasonable is this non-fat diet? i' b"would understand if she had said low-fat diet, since i'm trying" b'that anyway, even if she said really low-fat diet. i think she' b'assumes i must be eating a high-fat diet, but really it is that' b"because of the endometriosis and the operation i'm not able to" b'use the energy from the food i do eat.' b'' b"any opinions, info and experiences will be appreciated. i'm" b'truly going stark raving mad trying to meet this new strict diet' b'because fruits and vegetables go through my system in a few' b"minutes and i'll end up having to eat constantly. thus far i" b"don't find any foods satisfying." b'' b'thanks' b'' b'g' b'' b'for one week, she probably wants to see how you react to the diet. if it' b'changes anything.' b'' b'you can live on the diet but you need to up your calories. where before you' b'had a pat of butter now you need a medium apple (probably microwave' b"cooked). smaller meals but more of them. not terrific amounts of meat, it's" b'hard to digest anyway.' b'' b'for comfort and to make the carbohydrate meal "last" longer eat pasta or' b'rice which give their calories up slowly rather than bread or corn. maybe' b'smaller meals as you may be getting less room in the stomach area. is the' b'baby still coming up. is it starting to push or rub under your ribs? how' b"tight are your clothes. you shouldn't be wearing any clothing that compresses" b'your middle. be sure not to "suck in" your stomach when sitting, again it' b'will put pressure on the digestive tract.' b'' b'try laying on your sides, back,' b'and stay in reclining positions for the many hours you are being inactive.' b'easier on your legs (circulation) as well. you might try letting the baby' b'"turn" or at least not be forced under the ribs during the last months.' b"when you are shortwaisted it's easy for that baby to end up right under the" b'diaphram, especially if you have tight abdominal muscles. if i had my' b"second one to do over again i think i'd have tried to loosen up since he" b"didn't turn sideways until late and the relief was enormous." b'' b'' b'maybe this doctor does have a thing about weight gain in pregnancy or maybe' b"she just nags all her patients this way. especially if she's young." b'but this gallbladder/whatever problem that might be coming up is something' b'to be avoided if possible.' b'' b'nausea, etc. can vary from person to person and with each pregnancy. my' b'first pregnancy was miserable. during the second i had very little trouble.' b'some articles have said that women with nausea had a statistically better' b'chance of carrying their baby. (grain of salt here)' b'' b'good luck' b'' b'-jackie-' b'' 