b'' b'' b'i recall reading somewhere, during my youth, in some science popularization' b"book, that whyle isotope changes don't normally affect chemistry, a consumption" b'of only heavy water would be fatal, and that seeds watered only with heavy' b'water do not sprout. does anyone know about this?' b'' b'' b'i also heard this. i always thought it might make a good eposide of' b"'columbo' for someone to be poisoned with heavy water it wouldn't" b'show up in any chemical test.' b'' b"no one else seems to know, so i'll post this." b'' b'this topic came up on sci.physics.fusion shortly after the cold-fusion' b'flap started. as i recall, its been done to some experimental mice.' b'they showed various ill effects and eventually died. the reason is' b'that deuterium does not have exactly the same reaction rates as' b'hydrogen due to its extra mass (which causes lower velocity, boltzman' b'constant, mumble). this throws various bits of body biochemistry out' b'of kilter, and you get sick and die.' b'' b"i've never heard of anyone being poisened this way, in or out of real" b'life. the process takes quite a while. if anyone wants to write this' b'book, i would imagine you would have to:' b'' b'1: replace a significant fraction of the water in the body with heavy' b'water.' b'' b'2: wait while normal breakdown and repair processes cause other' b'molecules in the body to be synthesised using the deuterium.' b'' b'during this process the victim would gradually deteriorate and' b'eventually die, but i imagine it would take weeks during which the' b'poisoner would have to ensure that a significant proportion of the' b'water the victim ingested was heavy.' b'' b'you would get such a mess of symptoms that the doctors would be both' b'alarmed and confused. why should every organ in the body suddenly' b'begin to deteriorate? if you can figure out how the poisoner gets the' b'heavy water into the victim in a hospital then you could have a real' b'story here.' b'' b'come to think of it, would continue even after the heavy water was' b'no longer being ingested, so hospitalisation might be too late.' b'' b"the most detectable effect would be that the victim's body fluids" b'would literally be "heavy". water has a molecular weight of and' b"heavy water has a mw of thus the victim's weight will increase by" b'about for every of body water replaced by heavy water. maybe' b'the detection occurs because some pathologist in the lab notices that' b"the victim's urine is strangely dense. is there any medical test" b'involving the specific gravity of a body fluid?' b'' b'paul.' b'--' b'--------------------------------------------+----------------------------------' b'these ideas and others like them can be had gec-marconi research is not' b'for each from any reputable idealist. responsible for my opinions' 