b'' b'------------- cut here b'volume number april b'' b'+------------------------------------------------+' b'! b'! health info-com network b'! medical newsletter b'+------------------------------------------------+' b'editor: david dodell, d.m.d.' b'10250 north 92nd street, suite scottsdale, arizona usa' b'telephone b'fax b'' b'compilation copyright by david dodell, d.m.d. all rights reserved.' b'license is hereby granted to republish on electronic media for which no' b'fees are charged, so long as the text of this copyright notice and license' b'are attached intact to any and all republished portion or portions.' b'' b'the health info-com network newsletter is distributed biweekly. articles' b'on a medical nature are welcomed. if you have an article, please contact' b'the editor for information on how to submit it. if you are interested in' b'joining the automated distribution system, please contact the editor.' b'' b'e-mail address:' b'editor:' b'fidonet b'anonymous ftp vm1.nodak.edu' b'fax delivery contact editor for information' b'' b'' b'::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::' b'' b't a b l e o f c o n t e n t s' b'' b'' b'1. centers for disease control and prevention mmwr' b'[23 april rates of cesarean delivery b'malaria among u.s. embassy personnel b'fda approval of hib vaccine for children/infants b'' b'2. dental news' b'workshop explores oral manifestations of hiv infection b'' b'3. food drug administration news' b'fda approves depo provera, injectable contraceptive b'new rules speed approval of drugs for life-threatening illnesses b'' b'4. articles' b'research promises preventing/slowing blindness from retinal disease b'affluent diet increases risk of heart disease b'' b'5. general announcments' b'publications for health professionals from national cancer institute b'publications for patients available from national cancer institute b'' b'6. aids news summaries' b'aids daily summary for april to april b'' b'7. aids statistics' b'worldwide aids statistics b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page i' b'volume number april b'' b'' b'' b'::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::' b'centers for disease control and prevention mmwr' b'::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::' b'' b'rates of cesarean delivery united states, b'=================================================' b'source: mmwr date: apr b'' b'cesarean deliveries have accounted for nearly million of the' b'approximately million annual deliveries in the united states since b'(table the cesarean rate in the united states is the third highest among' b'21 reporting countries, exceeded only by brazil and puerto rico this' b"report presents data on cesarean deliveries from cdc's national hospital" b'discharge survey (nhds) for and compares these data with previous years.' b'data on discharges from short-stay, nonfederal hospitals have been' b"collected annually since in the nhds, conducted by cdc's national center" b'for health statistics. for medical and demographic information were' b'abstracted from a sample of inpatients discharged from b'participating hospitals. the cesareans and vaginal births after a prior' b'cesarean (vbac) presented in this report are based on weighted national' b'estimates from the nhds sample of approximately women discharged' b'after delivery. the estimated numbers of live births by type of delivery were' b'calculated by applying cesarean rates from the nhds to live births from' b'national vital registration data. therefore, estimates of the number of' b'cesareans in this report will not agree with previously published data based' b'solely on the nhds stated differences in this analysis are significant at' b'the confidence level, based on the two-tailed t-test with a critical value' b'of b'in there were cesareans per deliveries, the same rate as' b'in and similar to rates during (table the primary cesarean' b'rate (i.e., number of first cesareans per deliveries to women who had no' b'previous cesareans) for also was stable, ranging from to b'in the cesarean rate in the south was significantly (p<0.05)' b'higher than the rates for the west midwest and northeast' b'(22.6). rates were higher for mothers aged greater than or equal to years' b'than for younger women; in proprietary hospitals than in nonprofit or' b'government hospitals; in hospitals with fewer than beds than in larger' b'hospitals; and for deliveries for which blue cross/blue shield and other' b'private insurance is the expected source of payment than for other sources of' b'payment (table the same pattern characterized primary cesarean deliveries.' b'since the early 1970s, the number and percentage of births to older women' b'increased; however, if the age distribution of mothers in had remained' b'the same as in the overall cesarean rate in would have been b'essentially the same as the observed.' b'based on the nhds, of the approximately live births in an' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'estimated were by cesarean delivery. of these, an estimated' b'338,000 births were repeat cesareans, and were primary' b'cesareans. since approximately primary cesareans have been' b'performed annually. in of women who had a previous cesarean' b'delivered vaginally, compared with in of all cesareans in b'35.0% were associated with a previous cesarean, with dystocia (i.e.,' b'failure of labor to progress), with breech presentation, with fetal' b'distress, and with all other specified complications.' b'the average hospital stay for all deliveries in was days. in' b'comparison, the hospital stay for a primary cesarean delivery was days,' b'and for a repeat cesarean, days nearly twice the duration for vbac' b'deliveries days) or for vaginal deliveries that were not vbacs b'days). in the average hospital stay for all deliveries was days, for' b'primary cesareans days, for repeat cesareans days, and for vbac and' b'non-vbac vaginal deliveries and days, respectively.' b'' b'reported by: office of vital and health statistics systems, national center' b'for health statistics, cdc.' b'' b'editorial note: the cesarean rate in the united states steadily increased from' b'1965 through however, the findings in this report indicate that rates' b'have been stable since because there is little evidence that' b'maternal and child health status has improved during this time and because' b'cesareans are associated with an increased risk for complications of' b'childbirth, a national health objective for the year is to reduce the' b'overall cesarean rate to or fewer per deliveries and the primary' b'cesarean rate to or fewer per deliveries (objective b'postpartum complications including urinary tract and wound infections' b'-- may account in part for the longer hospital stays for cesarean deliveries' b'than for vaginal births moreover, the prolonged hospital stays for' b'cesarean deliveries substantially increase health-care costs. for example, in' b'1991, the average costs for cesarean and vaginal deliveries were and' b'$4720, respectively. the additional cost for each cesarean delivery includes' b'$611 for physician fees and for hospital charges if the cesarean' b'rate in had been (the year objective) instead of the number' b'of cesarean births would have decreased by versus b'resulting in a savings of more than billion in physician fees and hospital' b'charges.' b'despite the steady increase in vbac rates since several factors may' b'impede progress toward the year national health objectives for cesarean' b'delivery. for example, vbac rates substantially reflect the number of women' b'offered trial of labor, which has been increasingly encouraged since b'of women who are offered a trial of labor, could deliver vaginally b'--a level already achieved by many hospitals trial of labor was routinely' b'offered in of hospitals surveyed in (the most recent year for which' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'national data are available) when the vbac rate (according to nhds data)' b'was the year objective specifies a vbac rate of based on all' b'women who had a prior cesarean, regardless of whether a trial of labor was' b'attempted. to reach the overall cesarean rate goal, however, increases in the' b'vbac rate will need to be combined with a substantial reduction in the primary' b'rate.' b'one hospital succeeded in reducing the rate of cesarean delivery by' b'applying objective criteria for the four most common indications for cesarean' b'delivery, by requiring a second opinion, and by instituting a peer-review' b'process other recommendations for decreasing cesarean delivery rates' b'include eliminating incentives for physicians and hospitals by equalizing' b'reimbursement for vaginal and cesarean deliveries; public dissemination of' b'physician- and hospital-specific cesarean delivery rates to increase public' b'awareness of differences in practices; and addressing malpractice concerns,' b'which may be an important factor in maintaining the high rates of cesarean' b'delivery b'' b'references' b'' b'1. notzon fc. international differences in the use of obstetric interventions.' b'jama b'' b'2. graves ej, nchs. summary: national hospital discharge survey.' b'hyattsville, maryland: us department of health and human services, public' b'health service, cdc, (advance data no. b'' b'3. taffel sm, placek pj, kosary cl. u.s. cesarean section rates, an' b'update. birth b'' b'4. public health service. healthy people national health promotion and' b'disease prevention objectives full report, with commentary. washington, dc:' b'us department of health and human services, public health service, dhhs' b'publication no. (phs)91-50212.' b'' b'5. danforth dn. cesarean section. jama b'' b'6. hospital insurance association of america. table cost of maternity' b"care, physicians' fees, and hospital charges, by census region, based on" b'consumer price index in: source book of health insurance data.' b'washington, dc: hospital insurance association of america, b'' b'7. committee on obstetrics. acog committee opinion no. guidelines for' b'vaginal delivery after a previous cesarean birth. washington, dc: american' b'college of obstetricians and gynecologists, b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'8. rosen mg, dickinson jc. vaginal birth after cesarean: a meta-analysis of' b'indicators for success. obstet gynecol b'' b'9. shiono ph, fielden jg, mcnellis d, rhoads gg, pearse wh. recent trends in' b'cesarean birth and trial of labor rates in the united states. jama' b'1987;257:494-7.' b'' b'10. myers sa, gleicher n. a successful program to lower cesarean-section' b'rates. n engl j med b'' b'* use of trade names and commercial sources is for identification only and' b'does not imply endorsement by the public health service or the u.s. department' b'of health and human services.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'malaria among u.s. embassy personnel kampala, uganda, b'=============================================================' b'source: mmwr date: apr b'' b'the treatment and prevention of malaria in africa has become a' b'challenging and complex problem because of increasing drug resistance.' b'although the risk of acquiring malaria for u.s. citizens and their dependents' b'stationed overseas generally has been low, this risk varies substantially and' b'unpredictably. during may the office of medical services, department of' b'state (oms/dos), and cdc were notified of an increased number of malaria cases' b'among official u.s. personnel stationed in kampala, uganda. a review of the' b'health records from the embassy health unit (ehu) in kampala indicated that b'cases of malaria were diagnosed in official personnel from march through june' b'1992 compared with two cases during the same period in ehu, oms/dos, and' b'cdc conducted an investigation to confirm all reported malaria cases and' b'identify potential risk factors for malaria among u.s. embassy personnel. this' b'report summarizes the results of the investigation.' b'malaria blood smears from of the reported case-patients were' b'available for review by oms/dos and cdc. a case of malaria was confirmed if' b'the slide was positive for plasmodium sp. of the persons, were slide-' b'confirmed as having malaria.' b'a questionnaire was distributed to all persons served by the ehu to' b'obtain information about residence, activities, use of malaria' b'chemoprophylaxis, and use of personal protection measures (i.e., using bednets' b'and insect repellents, having window and door screens, and wearing long' b'sleeves and pants in the evening). of the persons eligible for the survey,' b'128 responded.' b'risk for malaria was not associated with sex or location of residence in' b'kampala. although the risk for malaria was higher among children aged less' b'than or equal to years than among persons greater than b'years this difference was not significant (relative risk' b'rr=1.6; confidence interval ci=0.6-4.0). eighty-two percent of the' b'cases occurred among persons who had been living in kampala for years,' b'compared with those living there less than year. travel outside of the' b'kampala area to more rural settings was not associated with increased risk for' b'malaria.' b'four malaria chemoprophylaxis regimens were used by persons who' b'participated in the survey: mefloquine, chloroquine and proguanil, chloroquine' b'alone, and proguanil alone. in addition, persons who responded were' b'not using any malaria chemoprophylaxis. the risk for malaria was significantly' b'lower among persons using either mefloquine or chloroquine and proguanil b'9%) than among persons using the other regimens or no prophylaxis b'24%) (rr=0.4; ci=0.2-0.9). twelve persons not using prophylaxis reported' b'side effects or fear of possible side effects as a reason.' b'the risk for malaria was lower among persons who reported using bednets' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'all or most of the time than among persons who sometimes or rarely' b'used bednets (rr=0.5; ci=0.1-2.0). the risk for malaria was' b'also lower among persons who consistently used insect repellent in the evening' b'(0/16), compared with those who rarely used repellent (rr=0;' b'upper confidence limit=1.2). risk for malaria was not associated with' b'failure to have window or door screens or wear long sleeves or pants in the' b'evening.' b'as a result of this investigation, ehu staff reviewed with all personnel' b'the need to use and comply with the recommended malaria chemoprophylaxis' b'regimens. ehu staff also emphasized the need to use personal protection' b'measures and made plans to obtain insecticide-impregnated bednets and to' b'provide window and door screens for all personnel.' b'' b'reported by: u.s. embassy health unit, kampala, uganda; office of medical' b'svcs, dept of state, washington, d.c. malaria br, div of parasitic diseases,' b'national center for infectious diseases, cdc.' b'' b'editorial note: in uganda, the increase in malaria among u.s. personnel was' b'attributed to poor adherence to both recommended malaria chemoprophylaxis' b'regimens and use of personal protection measures during a period of increased' b'malaria transmission and intensified chloroquine resistance in sub-saharan' b'africa. the findings in this report underscore the need to provide initial and' b'continued counseling regarding malaria prevention for persons living abroad in' b'malaria-endemic areas preventive measures that are also important for' b'short-term travelers to such areas.' b'mefloquine is an effective prophylaxis regimen in africa and in most' b'other areas with chloroquine-resistant p. falciparum; however, in some areas' b'(e.g., thailand), resistance to mefloquine may limit its effectiveness. in' b'africa, the efficacy of mefloquine, compared with chloroquine alone, in' b'preventing infection with p. falciparum is mefloquine is safe and' b'well tolerated when given at mg per week over a 2-year period. the risk' b'for serious adverse reactions possibly associated with mefloquine prophylaxis' b'(e.g., psychosis and convulsions) is low (i.e., episodes per b'users while the risk for less severe adverse reactions (e.g., dizziness,' b'gastrointestinal complaints, and sleep disturbances) is similar to that for' b'other antimalarial chemoprophylactics b'doxycycline has similar prophylactic efficacy to mefloquine, but the need' b'for daily dosing may reduce compliance with and effectiveness of this regimen' b'(3,4). chloroquine alone is not effective as prophylaxis in areas of intense' b'chloroquine resistance (e.g., southeast asia and africa). in africa, for' b'persons who cannot take mefloquine or doxycycline, chloroquine and proguanil' b'is an alternative, although less effective, regimen. chloroquine should be' b'used for malaria prevention in areas only where chloroquine-resistant p.' b'falciparum has not been reported.' b'country-specific recommendations for preventing malaria and information' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'on the dosage and precautions for malaria chemoprophylaxis regimens are' b'available from health information for international travel, (i.e.,' b'"yellow book") or hours a day by telephone or fax, b'' b'references' b'' b'1. lobel ho, miani m, eng t, et al. long-term malaria prophylaxis with weekly' b'mefloquine in peace corps volunteers: an effective and well tolerated regimen.' b'lancet b'' b'2. world health organization. review of central nervous system adverse events' b'related to the antimalarial drug, mefloquine geneva: world health' b'organization, publication no. who/mal/91.1063.' b'' b'3. pang l, limsomwong n, singharaj p. prophylactic treatment of vivax and' b'falciparum malaria with low-dose doxycycline. j infect dis b'' b'4. pang l, limsomwong n, boudreau ef, singharaj p. doxycycline prophylaxis for' b'falciparum malaria. lancet b'' b'5. cdc. health information for international travel, atlanta: us' b'department of health and human services, public health service, dhhs' b'publication no. (cdc)92-8280.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'fda approval of use of a new haemophilus b conjugate vaccine and a' b'combined diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis and haemophilus b conjugate' b'vaccine for infants and children' b'==================================================================' b'source: mmwr date: apr b'' b'haemophilus influenzae type b (hib) conjugate vaccines have been' b'recommended for use in infants since and their routine use in infant' b'vaccination has contributed to the substantial decline in the incidence of hib' b'disease in the united states vaccines against diphtheria, tetanus, and' b'pertussis during infancy and childhood have been administered routinely in the' b'united states since the late 1940s and has been associated with a greater than' b'90% reduction in morbidity and mortality associated with infection by these' b'organisms. because of the increasing number of vaccines now routinely' b'recommended for infants, a high priority is the development of combined' b'vaccines that allow simultaneous administration with fewer separate' b'injections.' b'the food and drug administration (fda) recently licensed two new products' b'for vaccinating children against these diseases: the haemophilus b' b'conjugate vaccine (tetanus toxoid conjugate, acthib trademark), for' b'vaccination against hib disease only and a combined diphtheria and tetanus' b'toxoids and whole-cell pertussis vaccine (dtp) and hib conjugate vaccine' b'(tetramune trademark), a combination of vaccines formulated for use in' b'vaccinating children against diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, and hib disease.' b'' b'acthib trademark' b'' b'on march the fda approved a new haemophilus b conjugate' b'vaccine, polyribosylribitol phosphate-tetanus toxoid conjugate (prp-t),' b'manufactured by pasteur merieux serum et vaccins and distributed as acthib' b'trademark by connaught laboratories, inc. (swiftwater, pennsylvania). this' b'vaccine has been licensed for use in infants in a three-dose primary' b'vaccination series administered at ages and months. previously' b'unvaccinated infants months of age should receive two doses months' b'apart. previously unvaccinated children months of age should receive one' b'dose. a booster dose administered at months of age is recommended for all' b'children. previously unvaccinated children months of age should receive' b'a single dose and do not require a booster. more than of infants receiving' b'a primary vaccination series of acthib trademark (consecutive doses at b'and months of age) develop a geometric mean titer of anti-haemophilus b' b'polysaccharide antibody greater than ug/ml this response is similar to' b'that of infants who receive recommended series of previously licensed' b'haemophilus b conjugate vaccines for which efficacy has been demonstrated in' b'prospective trials. two u.s. efficacy trials of prp-t were terminated early' b'because of the concomitant licensure of other haemophilus b conjugate vaccines' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'for use in infants in these studies, no cases of invasive hib disease' b'were detected in approximately infants vaccinated with prp-t. these and' b'other studies suggest that the efficacy of prp-t vaccine will be similar to' b'that of the other licensed hib vaccines. tetramune trademark' b'on march the fda approved a combined diphtheria and tetanus' b'toxoids and whole-cell pertussis vaccine (dtp) and haemophilus b conjugate' b'vaccine. tetramune trademark, available from lederle-praxis biologicals (pearl' b'river, new york), combines two previously licensed products, dtp (triimmunol' b'registered, manufactured by lederle laboratories pearl river, new york) and' b'haemophilus b conjugate vaccine (hibtiter registered, manufactured by praxis' b'biologics, inc. rochester, new york).' b'this vaccine has been licensed for use in children aged months-5 years' b'for protection against diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, and hib disease when' b'indications for vaccination with dtp vaccine and haemophilus b conjugate' b'vaccine coincide. based on demonstration of co mparable or higher antibody' b'responses to each of the components of the two vaccines, tetramune trademark' b'is expected to provide protection against hib, as well as diphtheria, tetanus,' b'and pertussis, equivalent to that of already licensed formulations of other' b'dtp and haemophilus b vaccines.' b'the advisory committee for immunization practices (acip) recommends that' b'all infants receive a primary series of one of the licensed haemophilus b' b'conjugate vaccines beginning at months of age and a booster dose at age b'15 months the acip also recommends that all infants receive a four-dose' b'primary series of diphtheria and tetanus toxoids and pertussis vaccine at b'4, and months of age, and a booster dose at years a' b'complete statement regarding recommendations for use of acthib trademark and' b'tetramune trademark is being developed.' b'' b'reported by: office of vaccines research and review, center for biologics' b'evaluation and research, food and drug administration. div of immunization,' b'national center for prevention svcs; meningitis and special pathogens br, div' b'of bacterial and mycotic diseases, national center for infectious diseases,' b'cdc.' b'' b'references' b'' b'1. adams wg, deaver ka, cochi sl, et al. decline of childhood haemophilus' b'influenzae type b (hib) disease in the hib vaccine era. jama b'' b'2. broadhurst le, erickson rl, kelley pw. decrease in invasive haemophilus' b'influenzae disease in u.s. army children, through jama' b'1993;269:227-31.' b'' b'3. murphy tv, white ke, pastor p, et al. declining incidence of haemophilus' b'influenzae type b disease since introduction of vaccination. jama' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'1993;269:246-8.' b'' b'4. fritzell b, plotkin s. efficacy and safety of a haemophilus influenzae type' b'b capsular polysaccharide-tetanus protein conjugate vaccine. j pediatr' b'1992;121:355-62.' b'' b'5. acip. haemophilus b conjugate vaccines for prevention of haemophilus' b'influenzae type b disease among infants and children two months of age and' b'older: recommendations of the immunization practices advisory committee' b'(acip). mmwr 1991;40(no. rr-1).' b'' b'6. acip. diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis recommendations for vaccine use' b'and other preventive measures: recommendations of the immunization practices' b'advisory committee (acip). mmwr 1991;40(no. rr-10).' b'' b'7. acip. pertussis vaccination: acellular pertussis vaccine for reinforcing' b'and booster use supplementary acip statement: recommendations of the' b'immunization practices advisory committee (acip). mmwr 1992;41(no. rr-1).' b'' b'8. acip. pertussis vaccination: acellular pertussis vaccine for the fourth and' b'fifth doses of the dtp series update to supplementary acip statement:' b'recommendations of the immunization practices advisory committee (acip). mmwr' b'1992;41(no. rr-15).' b'' b'* use of trade names and commercial sources is for identification only and' b'does not imply endorsement by the public health service or the u.s. department' b'of health and human services.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'' b'' b'::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::' b'dental news' b'::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::' b'' b'international workshop explores oral manifestations of' b'hiv infection' b'' b'nidr research digest' b'written by jody dove' b'march b'national institute of dental research' b'' b'at the second international workshop on the oral manifestations of hiv' b'infection, held january 31-february in san francisco, participants explored' b'issues related to the epidemiology, basic molecular virology, mucosal' b'immunology, and oral clinical presentations of hiv infection.' b'the workshop was organized by dr. john greenspan and dr. deborah' b'greenspan of the department of stomatology, school of dentistry, university of' b'california, san francisco. an international steering committee and scientific' b'program committee provided guidance.' b'the conference drew more than scientists from countries, including' b'asia, africa, europe, central america, south america, as well as the united' b'states and canada. support tor the workshop was provided by the national' b'institute of dental research, the national cancer institute, the national' b'institute of allergy and infectious diseases, the nih office of aids research,' b'and the procter and gamble company.' b'among the topics discussed were: the epidemiology of hiv lesions; ethics,' b'professional responsibility, and public policy; occupational issues; provision' b'of oral care to the hiv-positive population; salivary hiv transmission and' b'mucosal immunity; opportunistic infections; pediatric hiv infection; and' b"women's issues." b'' b'recommendations' b'' b'recommendations emerged from the workshop to define the association' b'between the appearance of oral lesions and rate of progression of hiv, to' b'establish a universal terminology for hiv-associated oral lesions, to look for' b'more effective treatments for oral manifestations, to expand molecular biology' b'studies to understand the relationship between hiv infection and common oral' b'lesions, and to study the effects of hiv therapy on oral lesions.' b'' b'epidemiology' b'' b'since the first international workshop on oral manifestations of hiv' b'infection was convened five years ago, the epidemiology of hiv infection has' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'radically changed. in hiv infection was detected and reported largely' b'in homosexual and bisexual males, intravenous drug users, and hemophiliacs.' b'today, more hiv infection is seen in heterosexual males and females and in' b'children and adolescents.' b'while the predominant impact of hiv infection has been felt in africa, a' b'major increase in infection rate is being seen in southeast asia as well.' b'five hundred thousand cases have been reported to date in this region and more' b'are appearing all the time.' b'researchers are continuing to document the epidemiology of oral lesions' b'such as hairy leukoplakia and candidiasis. they also are beginning to explore' b'the relationships between specific oral lesions and hiv disease progression' b'and prognosis.' b'' b'social/political issues' b'' b'discussion on the social and political implications of hiv infection' b"focused on changing the public's attitude that aids is retribution for" b'indiscriminate sexual behavior and drug use. speakers also addressed health' b'care delivery for hiv-infected patients, and the need to educate the public' b'about what aids is, and how it is acquired.' b'' b'saliva and salivary glands' b'' b'conference speakers described transmission issues and the hiv-inhibitory' b'activity of saliva, the strength of which varies among the different salivary' b'secretions. whole saliva has a greater inhibitory effect than submandibular' b'secretions, which in turn have a greater inhibitory effect than parotid' b'secretions. research has shown that at least two mechanisms are responsible' b'for salivary inhibitory activity. they attributed the hiv-inhibitory effect' b'of saliva to the aggregation/agglutination of hiv by saliva, which may both' b'promote clearance of virus and prevent it reaching a target cell, and b'direct effects on the virus or target cells.' b'other topics discussed were the manifestation of salivary gland disease' b'in hiv-infected persons and current research on oral mucosal immunity.' b'' b'pediatric issues' b'' b'pediatric aids recently has emerged as an area of intense interest. with' b'early and accurate diagnosis and proper treatment, the life expectancy of hiv-' b'infected children has tripled. the prevention of transmission of hiv from' b"mother to child may be possible in many cases, particularly if the mother's" b'sero-status is known prior to giving birth.' b'' b'periodontal and gingival tissue disease' b'' b'' b'hicnet medical newsletter page b'volume number april b'' b'oral health researchers continue to explore periodontal diseases and' b'gingivitis found in individuals with hiv infection. recommendations made at' b'the workshop include the standardization of terminology, refinement of' b'diagnostic markers, standardization of study design, and proper consideration' b'of confounding variables resulting from periodontal therapy.' b'' b'occupational and treatment issues' b'' b'occupational issues surrounding the treatment of hiv-infected individuals' b'and treatment rendered by hiv-infected health care professionals still command' b'considerable attention. factors under consideration include the cost/benefit' b'of hiv testing, patient-to-health care provider transmission of hiv infection' b'and the reverse, and the use of mainstream versus dedicated facilities for the' b'treatment of hiv-infected patients.' b'conference participants anticipate that a third international workshop on' b'the oral manifestations of hiv infection will be held in five years or less.' b'proceedings from the second workshop will be published by the quintessence' b'company in late b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--------- end of part b'' b'---' 