b'' b'i don\'t like the term "quack" being applied to a licensed physician david.' b'questionable conduct is more appropriately called unethical(in my opinion).' b'' b'\t3. using laetril to treat cancer patients when such treatment has' b'\t been shown to be ineffective and dangerous(cyanide release) by' b'\t the nci.' b'' b' hmm. this is certainly among the things i would refer to as quack' b' therapy and would tend to refer to any practitioner who prescribed' b' laetrile (whether licensed or not) as a quack. there are unethical' b' behaviors (such as ordering unneccessary tests to increase fees)' b' which i would not lable as quackish, but prescribing known ineffective' b' therapies seems to me to be one of the hallmarks of a quack.' b' b' david rind' b'' b'one of the responsibilities of a licensed physician is to read the medical' b'literature to keep up with changes in medical practice. all the clamor' b'over laetril resulted in the nci spending quite a bit of money on clinical' b'trials which proved(to me anyway) that laetril was ineffective against' b'cancer. a physician who continued to use it, when better, more effective,' b'treatments are available, may deserve to be called a quack. anti-fungals' b'are in a different class. the big question seems to be is it reasonable to' b'use them in patients with gi distress or sinus problems that *could* be due' b'to candida blooms following the use of broad-spectrum antibiotics? gorden' b'rubenfeld, through e-mail, has assured me that most physicians recognize' b'the chance of candida blooms occuring after broad-spectrum antibiotic use' b'and they therefore reinnoculate their patients with *good* bacteria to' b'restore competetion for candida in the body. i do not believe that this is' b'yet a standard part of medical practice. he deals with critical care' b'patients where fungal infection(systemic) is a real problem and just' b'because he tries to keep *good* bacteria in his patients does not mean that' b'all physicians do this. i think that aspergillis is more likely to be' b'found in the sinus mucus membranes than is candida. women have been known' b'for a very long time to suffer from candida blooms in the vagina and a' b'women is lucky to find a physician who is willing to treat the cause and' b'not give give her advise to use the otc anti-fungal creams. since candida' b'colonizes primarily in the ano-rectal area, gi symptoms should be more common' b'than vaginal problems after broad-spectrum antibiotic use.' b'' b'the problem we have here david is proof that gi discomfort can be caused by' b'a candida bloom. the arguement is that without proof, no action is' b'warrented.' b'' b'medicine has not, and probalby never will be, practiced this way. there' b'has always been the use of conventional wisdom. a very good example is' b'kidney stones. conventional wisdom(because clinical trails have not been' b'done to come up with an effective prevention), was that restricitng the' b'intake of calcium and oxalates was the best way to prevent kidney stones' b'from forming. clinical trials focused on drugs or ultrasonic blasts to' b'breakdown the stone once it formed. through the recent new england j of' b'medicine article, we now know that conventional wisdom was wrong,' b'increasing calcium intake is better at preventing stone formation than is' b'restricting calcium intake.' b'' b'the conventional wisdom in animal husbandry has been that animals need to' b'be reinnoculated with *good* bacteria after coming off antibiotic therapy.' b"if it makes sense for livestock, why doesn't it make sense for humans" b'david? we are not talking about a dangerous treatment(unless you consider' b'yogurt dangerous). if this were a standard part of medical practice, as' b'gordon r. says it is, then the incidence of gi distress and vaginal yeast' b'infections should decline.' b'' b'marty b.' 