b'' b"this question came up in sci. med. nutrition and i'm posting my answer" b'here. only medical schools in the u.s. teach courses on human' b'nutrition. we have already seen what a lack of nutrition education can do' b'when candida and kidney stones present themselves to the medical community.' b'i think that the best example of where u.s. medicine is really missing the' b'mark when it comes to a knowledge of nutrition is pms. so many women(and' b'their husbands) suffer from this disorder that it is really criminal that' b'most physicians in the u.s. are not taught that pms is primarily caused by' b'diet and diet changes can prevent it from ever happpening. before shooting' b'your flames, read the entire article and then decide if flaming is' b'justified.' b'' b'from a poster in sci. medi. nutrition:' b' \tin a psychological anthropology course i am taking, we got' b' sidetracked onto a short conversation about pms. some rumors shared' b' by several of the students included ideas that vitamin levels, sugar' b' intake, and caffeine intake might affect pms symptoms.' b' \tis there any data on this, or is it just so much hooey?' b'' b' many thanks,' b'' b" michael, i've wanted to reply to this post ever since i saw it but i got" b'side-tracked with candida. pms is a lot like candida blooms, most' b'physicians don\'t recognize it as a specific "disease" entity. here is' b'everything that you would ever want to know about pms.' b'' b'premenstrual syndrome has been divided into four specific subgroups:' b'' b'pmt-a(anxiety)\t\tpmt-d(depression)' b'anxiety\t\t\tdepression' b'irritability\t\tforgetfulness' b'insomnia\t\tconfusion' b'depression\t\tlethargy' b'' b'pmt-c(craving)\t\tpmt-h(hyperhydration)' b'craving for sweets\tweight gain' b'increased appetite\tbreast congestion and tenderness' b'sugar ingestion causes: abdominal bloating and tenderness' b'1. headache\t\tedema of the face and extremities' b'2. palpitations' b'3. fatigue or fainting' b'' b'pmt-a is characterized by elevated blood estrogen levels and low' b"progesterone levels during the luteal phase of a women's cycle." b'' b'pmt-c is caused by the ingestion of large amounts of refined simple' b"carbohydrates. during the luteal phase of a women's cycle, there is" b'increased glucose tolerance with a flat glucose curve after oral glucose' b'challenge. the metabolic findings believed to be responsible for pmt-c are' b'a low magnesium and a low prostaglandin e1. this condition of hypoglycemia' b'is not unique to pms but there are a number of different causes of' b'hypoglycemia, magnesium and pge1 seem to be specific to pms hypoglycemia.' b'a. am. j. psychiatry b'unrefined complex carbohydrate should be substituted for sugar, magnesium' b'supplementation and alpha linoleic acid supplementation(increased to of' b'the total calories) using safflower oil or evening primrose oil as sources' b'of alpha linoleic acid.' b'' b'pmt-d is characterized by elevated progesterone levels during the midluteal' b"phase of a women's cycle. another cause of pmt-d has been found to be lead" b'toxicity(in women without elevated progesterone levels during the midluteal' b'phase). "effect of metal ions on the binding of estridol to human' b'endometrial cystol" fertil. steril. b'' b'pmt-h is associated with water and salt retention along with an elevated' b'serum aldosterone level. salt restriction, b6, magnesium and vitamin e' b'for breast tenderness have all been effective in treating pmt-h' b'' b'this general discussion of the pms syndromes came form:' b'' b'a. "management of the premenstrual tension sundromes: rational for' b'a nutritional approach". a year in nutritional medicine.' b'j. bland, ed. keats, publishing, b'' b'b. "nutritional factors in the etiology of premenstrual tension' b'syndromes", j. reprod. med.28(7):446-64(1983).' b'' b'c. "premenstrual tension", prob. obstet. gynecol. b'' b'treatment has traditionally involved progesterone administration if you can' b'find a doctor who will treat you for pms(just about as hard as finding one' b'that will treat you for candida blooms). while progesterone will work,' b'supplementation with vitamins and minerals works even better. there really' b'has been an awful lot of research done on pms(much more than candida' b'blooms). many of these studies have been what are called experimental' b'controlled studies(the type of rigorous clinical studies that doctors like to' b'see done).' b'' b'here are a few of these studies:' b'' b'carbohydrate: experimental controlled study, "effect of a low-fat,' b'high-carbohydrate diet on symptoms of cyclical mastopathy" lancet' b'2:128-32(1988). pts with severe persistent cyclical mastopathy' b'of at least years duration were randomly selected to receive' b'specific training to reduce dietary fat to of total calories' b'and increase complex carbohydrate ingestion or given general dietary' b'advise with no training. after months, there was a significant' b'reduction in the severity of the breast swelling and tenderness in' b'the trained group as reported by self-reported symptoms as well as' b'physical exams which quantitated the degree of breast swelling,' b'tenderness and nodularity.' b'' b'vitamin a: experimental controlled study, "the use of vitamin a in' b'premenstrual tension" acta obstet. gynecol scand. b'218 pts with severe recurring pms received to 300,000iu' b'vitamin a daily or a placebo. serum retinol levels were monitored' b'and high dose supplementation was discontinued when evidence of' b'toxicity occured(serum retinol above 450ug/ml). the intent of the' b'study was to load the liver up with vitamin a and get a normal pool' b'size(500,000iu to 1,000,000iu) and then see if this' b'normal vitamin a pool could prevent pms. getting the high dose' b'vitamin a had complete remission of the symptoms of pms. only b'getting the placebo reported getting complete relief of pms sysmptoms.' b'10% of the vitamin a treated group reported no improvement in pms' b'symptoms.' b'' b'experimental controlled study, "premenstrual tension treated with' b'vitamin a" j. clinical endocrinology pts' b'received 200,000iu of vitamin a daily starting on day of their' b'cycle with supplementation continuing until the onset of pms symptoms.' b'after months, all pts reported a significant improvement in' b'pms symptoms. vitamin a supplementation was stopped once evidence of' b'toxicity was demonstrated and all pts were followed for one year' b'after high dose vitamin a supplementation was stopped. pms symptoms' b'did not reoccur in any of these pts for upto one year after the' b'vitamin a supplementation was stopped.' b'' b'most americans do not have a normal store of vitamin a in their liver.' b'these studies and several others were designed to see if getting a normal' b'store of vitamin a into the liver could eliminate pms. of all the vitamins' b'given for pms(vitamin a, b6, and vitamin e), vitamin a has shown the best' b'single effect. this is probably because vitamin a is involved in steroid' b'(estrogen/progesterone) metabolism in the liver. getting your liver full' b'of vitamin a seems to be one of the best things that you can do to prevent' b"the symptoms of pms. but vitamin a is toxic and you don't want to be trying" b'to do this without being seen by a physician who can monitor you for vitamin' b'a toxicity.' b'' b'vitamin b6: experimental double-blind crossoverr study, "pyridoxine' b'(vitamin b6) and the premenstrual syndrome: a randomized crossover' b'trial"j.r. coll. gen. pract. women aged b'with moderate to severe pms randomly received 50mg b6 daily or placebo.' b'after months the groups were switched and followed for another' b'3 months. b6 had a significant effect on the emotional aspects of' b'pms(depression, irritability and tiredness). other symptoms of pms' b'were not significanttly affected by b6 supplementation.' b'' b'experimental double-blind study, "the efects of vitamin b6' b'supplementation on premenstrual sysmptoms" obstet. gynecol' b'70(2):145-49(1987). pts with moderate to severe pms received' b'150mg b6 daily or placebo for months. analysis of convergence' b'showed that b6 significantly improved premenstrual symptoms related' b'to the autonomic nervous system(dizziness and vomiting) as well as' b'behavior changes(poor mental performance, decreased social interaction)' b'anxiety, depression and water retention were not improved by b6' b'supplementation.' b'' b'vitamin b6 is below the rda for both american men and women. birth control' b'pills and over different drugs increase the b6 requirement in man.' b'women on birth control pills should be supplemented with mg of b6 per' b'day. the dose should be increased if symptoms of pms appear. dr. david r.' b'rubinow who heads the biological psychiatry branch of nimh was quoted in' b'clin. psychiatry news, december, as stating that b6 should be' b'considered the "first-line" drug for pms(over progesterone) and if the' b'patient does not respond, then other treatments should be tried. vitamin' b'b6 can be toxic(nerve damage) if consumed in doses of 500mg or more each' b'day.' b'' b'' b'vitamin e: experimental double-blind study, "efficacy of alpha-' b'tocopherol in the treatment of premenstrual syndrome" j. reprod.' b'med. pts received 400iu vitamin e daily for b'cycles or a placebo. vitamin e treated pts had who reported a' b'significant reduction in physical symptoms(weight gain and breast' b'tenderness) while the placebo group had who reported a significant' b'reduction in physical symptoms. the vitamin e group reported that b'had a significant reduction in anxiety versus for the placebo' b'group. for depression, the vitamin e group had with a significant' b'decrease in depression compared with for the placebo group.' b'' b'experimental double-blind study, "the effect of alpha-tocopherol on' b'premenstrual symptomalogy: a double blind study" j. am. coll. nutr.' b'2(2):115-122(1983). 75pts with benign breast disease and pmt randomly' b'received vitamin e at 75iu, 150iu, or 300iu daily or placebo. after' b'2 months of supplementation, 150iu of vitamin e or higher significantly' b'improved pmt-a and pmt-c. the 300iu dose was needed to significantly' b'improve pmt-d. no dose of vitamin e significantly improved pmt-h' b'(other studies have shown that a higher vitamin e doses will relieve' b'pmt-h symptoms).' b'' b'magnesium: experimental double-blind study, "magnesium prophylaxis' b'of menstrual migraine: effects on itracellular magnesium" headache' b'31:298-304(1991). pts with perimenstrual headache received mg' b'daily of magnesium as magnesium pyrrolidone carboxylic acid or a' b'placebo. treatment was started on the 15th day of the cycle and' b'continued until menstruation. after months, the pain total index' b'was significantly lower in the magnesium group. magnesium treatment' b'was also assocoiated with a significant reduction in the menstrual' b'distress questionnaire scores. pretreatment magnesium levels in' b'lymphocytes and polymorphonuclear leukocytes were significantly lower' b'in this group of pts compared to control women who did not suffer' b'from pms. after treatment, magnesium levels in these cells was raised' b'into the normal range.' b'' b'experimental double-blind study, "oral magnesium successfully' b'relieves premenstrual mood changes" obstet. gynecol b'32pts aged randomly received either magnesium carboxylic acid' b'360mg of mg per day or a placebo from the 15th day of the cycle to the' b'onset of the menstrual flow. after cycles, both groups received' b'magnesium. the menstrual distress questionnaire score of the cluster' b'pain was significantly reduced during the second cycle(month) for the' b'magnesium treatment group as well as the placebo group once they were' b'switched to magnesium supplementation. in addition, the total score on' b'the menstrual distress questionnaire was significantly decreased by' b'magnesium supplementation. the authors suggest that magnesium' b'supplemenation should become a routine treatment for the mood changes' b'that occur during pms.' b'' b'there are numerous observational studies that have been published in the' b'medical literature which also suggest that pms is primarily a disorder' b'that arises out of a hormone imbalance that is dietary in nature. but' b'since observational studies are considered by most physicians in sci. med.' b'to be anecdotal in nature, i have not bothered to cite them. there are' b'also over a half dozen good experimental studies that have been done on' b"multivitamin and mineral supplementation to prevent pms. i've chosen the" b'best specific studies on individual vitamins and minerals to try to point out' b"that pms is primarily a nutritional disorder. but doctors don't recognize" b'nutritional disorders unless they can see clinical pathology(beri-beri,' b'pellagra, scruvy, etc.). pms is probably the best reason why every doctor' b'being trained in the u.s. should get a good course on human nutrition. pms' b'is really only the tip if the iceberg when it comes to nutritional' b"disorders. it's time that medicine woke up and smelled the roses." b'' b"here's some studies which show the importance in multivitamin/mineral" b'supplementation and/or diet change in preventing pms.' b'' b'experimental study, "effect of a nutritional programme on' b'premenstrual syndrome: a retrospective analysis", complement. med.' b'res.5(1):8-11(1991). 200pts were given dietary instructions and' b'supplemented with optivite(r) plus additional vitamin c, vitamin e,' b'magnesium, zinc and primrose oil. the dietary instructions were to' b'take the supplements and switch to a low fat, complex carbohydrate' b'diet. on a retrospective analysis, of the 200pts reported an' b'improvement in their pms symptoms with of the sample stating that' b'they no longer suffered from pms.' b'' b'' b'experimental double-blind study, "role of nutrition in managing' b'premenstrual tension syndromes", j reprod. med. b'a low fat, high complex carbohydrate diet along with optivite' b'supplementation significantly decreased pms scores compared with diet' b'change and placebo. after months on the experimental program, the' b'vitamin/mineral supplementated group had significantly decreased' b'estradiol and increased progesterone in serum during the midlutel' b'phase of their cycle.' b'' b'experimental double-blind study, "clinical and biochemical effects' b'of nutritional supplementation on the premenstrual syndrome", j.' b'reprod. med. 119pts randomly given optivite(12' b'tablets per day) or a placebo. the treated groups showed a' b'significant decrease in pms symptoms compared to the placebo. another' b'group of 104pts got optivite(4 tablets per day) or placebo. for this' b'second group of patients, no significant effect of supplementation on' b'pms symptoms was observed.' b'' b'martin banschbach, ph.d.' b'professor of biochemistry and chairman' b'department of biochemistry and microbiology' b'osu college of osteopathic medicine' b'1111 w. 17th st.' b'tulsa, ok b'' b'"without discourse, there is no remembering, without remembering, there is' b'no learning, without learning, there is only ignorance"' 