b'' b' does anyone here know anything about chelation therapy using edta? my' b' uncle has emphesema, and a doctor wants to try it on him. we are' b' wondering if:' b'' b' is there any evidence edta chelation therapy is beneficial for his' b' condition, or any condition?' b'' b' what possible side effects are there. how can they be mimimized?' b'' b'' b' thanks,' b' renee' b'' b'edta(chelation therapy) has been used by some physicians to try to remove' b'calcium from calcified plaques in the arterial system(not approved for such' b'use). there is also the possibility that lung tissue in patients with lung' b'disease has become calcified(chest x-rays would show this). there are side' b'-effects to the use of edta because it is not specific for calcium(it also' b'binds other minerals). i think that there have been some deaths when' b'edta chelation therapy has been used because of mineral imbalances that' b'were not detected and corrected. in animal studies, the best way to remove' b'calcium from plaques in rabbits was to supplement the rabbits with vitamin c' b'and magnesium(rabbits already synthesize their own vitamin c, the extra' b'vitamin c was given in their diets to help the magnesium displace the calcium' b'from the plaques).' b'' b'the calcification process that occurs in both plaques and the lung probably' b'can be prevented if magnesium is used in supplemental form. most patietns' b'with calcium deposits are found to be deficient in calcium.' b'' b'1. "magnesium interrationships in ischemic heart disease: a review"' b'am j clin nutr supplementation with' b'magnesium will prevent clacification of blood vessels.' b'' b'2. "the importance of magnesium deficiency in cardiovascular' b'disease" am. heart j the need to measure the' b'serum concentration in all patients with heat disease cannot be' b'overemphasized. this is a review article.' b'' b'3. "effect of dietary magnesium on development of atherosclerosis' b'in cholesterol-fed rabbits" atherosclerosis b'magnesium supplementation greatly decreased the formation of' b'plaques in rabbits feed a diet that had by weight cholesterrol' b'added to their normal food.' b'' b"since edta will also bind magnesium, i've never really liked it's use for" b'the reversal of athersclerosis or now apparently in emphesema patients.' b'' b'marty b.' 