b'' b'' b" unless i plan on getting sick i won't eat the stuff without my" b' seldane. and did i ever learn to read labels.' b'' b' it might not please a medical researcher but it pleased my own' b' personal physician enough for him to give me allergy medicine' b'' b'-allergy medicine, huh? is this just to get rid of the resultant migraine or' b'whatever, or does it actually suppress allergic reactions? (i.e. like an' b'antihistamine does?) as far as doctors over here are concerned, if you slip up' b"and eat something you're allergic to (even if they won't test you to tell you" b'what to avoid) then tough; if a _cheap_ medicine will alleviate your symptoms,' b'then fine, otherwise you just suffer. one doctor did prescribe me imigran (costs' b"the nhs for tablets) after having to rehydrate me because i'd been throwing" b"up for four solid days and couldn't even drink water but i got taken off it" b'again when i moved and had to change doctors. reasoning: they did not know what' b'the side-effects were because it was new. ok, fine but it has passed the' b'safety tests to get on the prescription list, and anyway i was prepared to take' b'the risk to have quality of life now. the only alternatives i have is to get it' b'prescribed privately, which i cannot afford, or to pay a private allergy' b'specialist to test me and tell me what to avoid. i am fairly certain i am' b"allergic to more than one chemical additive, as a lot of things i can't eat have" b"nothing in common except things i know are safe, so testing myself isn't really" b'an option; there are too many permutations.' b'' b" i'm not saying i never consume anything with msg. i've noticed that i" b' have a certain tolerance level like a (small) bag of bbq chips once' b' a month or so it not a problem but that same bag of chips will' b' bother me if i also had chicken bouillon yesterday and lunch at one of' b' the chinese restaurants the day before.' b'' b"yes, i've noticed that and i can work it up by eating just under the tolerance" b"level fairly regularly. if i don't eat anything except home cooking for a month" b'or so i lose it and have to work it up from scratch... a bad experience. now i' b'know what the early-warning symptoms are, though, i can usually tell whether i am' b"allergic to food before i've eaten too much of it... usually..." b'' 