b'' b'' b"i'm a fellow applicant and my situation is not too much better. i applied" b'to about schools, got two interviews, got one offer, and am waiting to' b'hear from the other school.' b'' b'let me be honest about my experiences and impressions about the medical' b'school admissions process. numbers (gpa, mcats) are not everything,' b'but they are probably more important than anything else. in fact, some' b'schools screen out applicants based on these numbers and never even look' b"at your other qualities. of course, when this happens, don't expect a refund" b'on your application fee.' b'' b'but, the fact that you got four interviews tells me that you have the numbers' b'and are very well qualified academically. you mentioned one response, was it' b'an acceptance, denial, or wait-list? if i assume the worst, that it was a' b'denial, then you still have a great probability of acceptance somewhere. how' b'did your interviews go?' b'' b"as for how long you have to wait, i've called a few schools who never contacted" b'me for anything. many of them told me that the interview season for them was' b"over and that if i haven't heard by now, i can assume a denial. many rejection" b'letters are not sent out until may or as late as june. but some schools are' b"still interviewing. i really don't think you should worry. don't become" b'fixated on the mailbox, go out, have fun, be very proud of yourself.' b'' b'what do people think of the medical school admissions process? i had a very' b'mediocre gpa, but high mcat scores, and i have been working as a software' b'engineer for two years. i majored in computer science at stanford. still,' b'i think the profile of the person who has the best chance of getting admitted' b'is something like this:' b'' b'very important' b'--------------' b'gpa:\t3.5 or better' b'mcat: top in all subject' b'' b'medium importance' b'-----------------' b'writing/speaking ability' b'maturity' b'motivation for going into medicine' b'activities' b'' b'less important' b'--------------' b'college or university' b'major' b'work experience' b'anything else you want them to know' b'' b'' b'anyway, you are in good shape. i think admissions committees are bound in' b'many ways by the numbers, but would like very much to understand each' b'person as an individual. sometimes thats just not practical. but getting' b'four interviews is an indicator that you have the numbers. hopefully, you' b'were able to impress them with your character.' b'' b'' b'good luck,' b'jeff' b'' 