b'' b'' b'here is a press release from medical science communications.' b'' b'results of gusto heart attack study to be released friday' b'to: assignment desk, medical writer' b'contact: jim augustine of medical science communication,' b'703-644-6824, or steve hull or tracy furey,' b'800-477-9626 or april or' b'202-662-7592 (j.w. marriott)' b'' b'news advisory:' b'' b'results of the largest heart attack study ever undertaken,' b'the global utilization of streptokinase and t-pa for occluded' b'coronary arteries trial (gusto), will be presented friday, april' b'30, at the clinical research meeting.' b'a press conference will be held at p.m.' b'gusto evaluates the most aggressive emergency-room treatment' b'strategies available to clear blocked heart arteries and restore' b'blood flow to the heart, a process called thrombolysis. the' b'thrombolytic strategies compared in gusto use powerful drugs to break' b'up blood clots in heart vessels quickly and prevent clots from' b'recurring. these strategies have never been compared directly in a' b'large-scale clinical trial until gusto. the results are expected to' b'have an important impact on heart attack treatment worldwide.' b'the press conference will be held at two locations: live at the' b'national press club, main lounge, 13th floor, 14th st., n.w.,' b'washington d.c., and via satellite at the hotel macklowe, w. 44th' b'street, 4th floor, new york city, between broadway and 6th avenue.' b'gusto results will be presented by eric topol m.d., gusto study' b'chairman, professor and chairman of the department of cardiology at' b'the cleveland clinic foundation; robert califf, m.d., clinical' b'director, gusto coordinating center and associate professor of' b'medicine at duke university medical center; and allan ross, m.d.,' b'coordinator of the gusto angiographic substudy and professor and' b'director of the division of cardiology at the george washington' b'university medical center.' b'------' b'editorial notes/attention television: the press conference may be' b'viewed in its entirety via satellite starting at p.m. (edt)' b'c-band telestar transponder 2v (dual audio or kusbs6,' b'transponder following the press conference, there will be a news' b'package and b-roll feed. camera-ready illustrations also will be' b'available at the press conference.' b'telephone hook up to the press conference is planned.' b'availability is limited; please call mcs for more information.' b'for reporters who will be at the sheraton washington attending the' b'clinical research meeting on friday morning, minibus transportation' b'will be provided to the press conference. the bus will depart at' b'12 p.m.; it also will be available for return to the sheraton' b'after the press conference.' b'for more information, contact steve hull or tracy furey of mcs,' b'for the gusto study group, at or at the j.w. marriott' b'april to april at or for more' b'information about the clinical research meeting, contact jim' b'augustine of medical science communications at b'' b'-30-' b'--' b'canada remote systems toronto, ontario' b'416-629-7000/629-7044' 