b'' b'' b' [summarized]' b"a person with a schatzki's ring (a membrane partially blocking the" b'espphagus) has worsening dysphagia (difficulty swallowing) and the' b'doctor proposes dilation by balloow or bougie (using an inflatable' b'balloon to rupture the ring or a rubber hose to push through it.' b'' b'question: is balloon dilation safe, common, and indicated? it sounds' b'pretty invasive.' b' [end summary]' b'' b"yes, this is a common and safe procedure. the majority of schatzki's" b'rings described by x-ray, however, wnd up being due to inflammation' b"instead of the congenital schatzki's ring. occassionally a cancer" b'masquerades as a ring. you should have the endoscopy to see if it' b'is due to the heartburn, and if so, you will need treatment for the' b'heartburn ong term. the balloon dilation is an alternative to cutting' b'open your chest and cutting out a section of the esophagus, so dilation' b'is not at all invasive, considering the alternative.' b'' b'' b' the second issue: [summarized] he has had extra heartbeats for the past' b'3 to years, and once was symptomatic from them, with some' b'lightheadedness.' b'he is young, (30-ish), thin and in good' b' health (recent bloodtests were all normal), and do not smoke, use drugs or' b' caffeine, etc. i\'m willing to accept the extra beats as "normal", but don\'t' b' want to ignore them if they might be some kind of warning symptom. the number' b" of pvc's seems to increase throughout the day, and with exercise (or something" b' as simple as climbing some stairs). also, if i get up after sitting or lying' b' down for a while, i tend to get a couple of extra beats. could they possibly' b' be related to the esophagous problems? both seemed to develop at about the' b' same time.' b'' b"i' not an expert on heart problems, but pvc's are common and have been" b'overtreated in the past. my personal experience, and i have the same' b"history an build you do (related to the heart, that is), is that my pvc's" b'come and go, with some months causing anxiety. taking on more fluids' b'seems to help, and they seem worse in the summer. remember that a slow' b"heart rate will allow more pvc's to be apparent, so perhaps it is an" b'indication of a healthy cardiac system (but ask an expert about that' b'last point, especially)' b'' b"good luck, hope we don't die of arrhythmias. (god, what a happy thought)" b'' b'steve holland' 