b'' b'about two years ago i posted the following:' b'' b'i am planning to write a new book called "great canadian scientists."' b'' b"the rules are that the person must be a canadian citizen. they don't have" b'to be born in canada or even live in canada, but they must have (or have' b'had, if they are dead) canadian citizenship while they are/were great' b'canadian scientists.' b'' b'about people have been nominated already and they are listed at the' b'end of this posting.' b'' b"i'm not quite sure what should constitute greatness, and there may be a" b'gray area here. if you have any ideas on criteria for greatness, i would be' b'pleased to hear them. in any event, please nominate people even if you are' b'not sure they are great. i would like as big a list as possible.' b'' b'please give me a name and email address, phone number or mail address, so' b"that i can contact the person. if you don't know any of the above, then" b'give me their last known whereabouts. also please give your reason for why' b'you think the person should be considered a great canadian scientist.' b'' b'after i have the list, i will choose about six of the most interesting ones' b'and do in-depth biographies of those individuals in the style of tracy' b'kidder\'s "soul of a new machine" or some other dramatic technique.' b'the rest of the great canadian scientists will appear in an appedix with' b'one paragraph biographies.' b'' b'if you have any other ideas about this project, i am interested to hear' b'them.' b'' b'so far, i have received nominations as follows:' b'' b'' b'first name last name nominator famous for' b'---------- b'sid altman kuszewski, john catalytic rna(nobel chem b'frederick banting me insulin (nobel u23 medicine)' b'davidson black stanley, robert discovered peking man' b'james r. bolton warden, joseph chemistry?' b'raoul bott smith, steven math: algebraic topology.' b'willard boyle chamm, craig co inventor of ccd' b'gerard bull stanley, robert ballistics and gunnery' b'dennis chitty galindo-leal, carlos first animal ecologist' b'brian c. conway tellefsen, karen electrochemistry' b'stephen cook mendelzon, alberto np-completeness, complexity' b'? copp kuch, gerald biochem aspects of physiol' b'h.s.m. coxeter calkin, neil j. regular polytopes (math)' b'p. n. daykin palmer, bill chem, mosquito repellant' b'h. e. duckworth anonymous mass spectroscopy, admin' b'jack edmonds snoeyink, jack math, operations research' b'reginald fessenden johnsen, hans wire insulation, light bulb' b'ursula franklin mckellin, william physics archeol. materials' b'j. a. gray gray, tom nuclear physics, the gray' b'e. w. guptill chamm, craig slotted array radar' b'donald hebb lyons, michael learning (hebbian synapses)' b'gerhard herzberg me optical spectr nobel b'james hillier me electron microscope (can/am)' b'crawford s. holling galindo-leal, carlos ecology, predators and prey' b'david hubel lyons, michael visual cortex (nobel med b'kenneth iverson dare, gary invented apl' b'j. d. jackson austern, matt elementary particle theory' b'andre joyal pananagden, prakash category theory, categ logic' b'martin kamen me carbon-14 (canadian/amer.)' b'irving kaplansky knighten, bob algebra, functional analysis' b'george s. kell kell, dave hot water freezing' b't. e. kellogg palmer, bill chem, mosquito repellant' b'geraldine kenney-wallace siegman, anthony chemistry administration' b'brian kernaghan brader, mark c programming language' b'michael l. klein marchi, massimo theoretical chemistry' b'charles j. krebs galindo-leal, carlos ecology, krebs effect' b'k. j. laidler tellefsen, karen chemical kinetics' b'g. c. laurence palmer, bill physics b'raymond lemieux smith, earl first synthesized glucose' b'martin levine meunier, robert computer vision' b'edward s. lowry himself computer programming' b'pere marie-victorin meunier, robert jardin botanique de montreal' b'colin macleod turner, steven nobel dna discovery?' b'marshall mcluhan clamen, stewart social sci, communications' b'ben morrison willson, david aurora borealis' b'lawrence morley strome, murray plate tektonics/remote sense' b'farley mowat abbott, john northern animal rights?' b'kevin ogilvie kendrick, kelly genetics, cure for herpes?' b'sir william osler lyons, michael medicine' b'p.j.e. peebles vishniac, ethan most important cosmologist' b'wilder penfield perri, marie anatomical basis for memory' b'john polanyi me chemiluminescensce nobel86' b'denis poussart meunier, robert computer vision' b'anatol rapoport lloyd-jones, david conflict theory, game theory' b'howard rapson sutherland, russell pulp chemistry' b'hans selye goel, anil k. psychology of stress.' b'william stephenson wilkins, darin ww2 enigma code, wire photo' b'boris stoicheff siegman, anthony raman spectroscopy' b'david suzuki meister, darren science communication' b'henry taube parker, wiley physical chemistry nobel83' b'richard taylor manuel, john verified quark model nobel90' b'david thompson eisler, michael mapped western canada' b'endel tulving green, christopher psychology of memory' b'bill tutte royle, gordon matroid theory (math)' b"i uchida palmer, bill down's syndrome" b'j. tuzo wilson collier, john continental drift theory' b'r. h. wright palmer, bill chem, mosquito repellant' b'j.l.(allen) yen leone, pasquale vl baseline interferometry' b'walter zinn me breader reactor (can/amer.)' b'----------------------------------------------------------------------------' b'' b"the list is growing nicely. it's amazing to see just how much was discovered" b'by canadians. actually there are many more who were born in canada, but' b'became americans after graduate school.' b'' b'please note: a lot of people have nominated alexander graham bell but i' b'feel he was really a scottish/american with a summer home in canada. now' b"i know this is debatable, but please don't nominate him again." b'' b'if anyone can fill in some of the question marks on the list, please drop' b'me a line.' b'==================================================' b'' b'that was two years ago. since then, i have received a grant from science' b'culture canada, a division of supply and services canada to research the' b'book. since my old posting the book has evolved into an educational book' b'for kids aged (though this may change again) it will have about' b'40 two-page spreads with a large graphic in the middle and text/graphic' b'boxes all around on the following subjects: vital statistics and photo of' b'the scientist, personal statement from the scientist, narrative of a few' b'moments in the life of the scientist, "what i was doing when i was b'so you want to be a <insert kind of scientist, experiment you can do. there' b'will be an appendix with more scientists with one paragraph' b"biographies who didn't quite make it to the double spreads. the whole thing" b'will then be published on cd-rom with video and sound clips for added' b'richness. i am looking for a cd-rom publisher as well. the text part may' b'also be available on the canarie electronic highway being developed in' b'canada as well.' b'' b'i am still looking for a publisher though penguin canada came close' b'to being it. hope to find one soon.' b'' b'i would like to again ask for more nominations, especially in the' b'pure sciences of physics, chemistry and biology. also criticisms of' b'the list are welcomed. also women and french-canadian scientists are needed.' b'' b'i hope this posting will get others to nominate more great canadian' b'scientists, and to discuss what is "great" what is "canadian" and what is' b'"scientist".' b'' b'please respond to:' b'' b'or' b'barry shell b'' b'4692 quebec st. vancouver, b.c. v5v 3m1 canada' b'' b'thanks to all who responded already.' 