b'' b'' b'least a few "enlightened" physicians practicing in the u.s. it\'s really' b"too bad that most u.s. medical schools don't cover nutrition because if" b'they did, candida would not be viewed as a non-disease by so many in the' b'medical profession.' b'' b'case western reserve med school teaches nutrition in its own section as' b'well as covering it in other sections as they apply (i.e. b12' b'deficiency in neuro as a cause of neuropathy, b12 deficiency in' b'hematology as a cause of megaloblastic anemia), yet i sill' b'hold the viewpoint of mainstream medicine: candida can cause' b'mucocutaneous candidiasis, and, in already very sick patients' b'with damaged immune systems like aids and cancer patients,' b'systemic candida infection. i think "the yeast connection" is' b'a bunch of hooey. what does this have to do with how well' b'nutrition is taught, anyway?' b'' b'here is a brief primer on yeast. yeast infections, as they are commonly' b'called, are not truely caused by yeasts. the most common organism responsible' b'for this type of infection is candida albicans or monilia which is actually a' b'yeast-like fungus.' b'' b"well, maybe i'm getting picky, but i always thought that a yeast" b'was one form that a fungus could exist in, the other being the' b'mold form. many fungi can occur as either yeasts or molds,' b'depending on environment. candida exibits what is known as' b'reverse dimorphism it exists as a mold in the tissues' b'but exists as a yeast in the environment. should we maybe' b'call it a mold infection? a fungus infection? maybe we' b'should say it is caused by a mold-like fungus.' b'' b'' b'martin banschbach, ph.d.' b'professor of biochemistry and chairman' b'department of biochemistry and microbiology' b'osu college of osteopathic medicine' b'1111 west 17th st.' b'tulsa, ok. b'' b'' b"you're the chairman of biochem and micro and you didn't know" b'that a yeast is a form of a fungus? (shudder)' b'or maybe you did know, and were oversimplifying?' 