b'' b'' b' the second issue: [summarized] he has had extra heartbeats for the past' b'3 to years, and once was symptomatic from them, with some' b'lightheadedness.' b'he is young, (30-ish), thin and in good' b' health (recent bloodtests were all normal), and do not smoke, use drugs or' b' caffeine, etc. i\'m willing to accept the extra beats as "normal", but don\'t' b' want to ignore them if they might be some kind of warning symptom. the number' b" of pvc's seems to increase throughout the day, and with exercise (or something" b' as simple as climbing some stairs). also, if i get up after sitting or lying' b' down for a while, i tend to get a couple of extra beats. could they possibly' b' be related to the esophagous problems? both seemed to develop at about the' b' same time.' b'' b"i' not an expert on heart problems, but pvc's are common and have been" b'overtreated in the past. my personal experience, and i have the same' b"history an build you do (related to the heart, that is), is that my pvc's" b'come and go, with some months causing anxiety. taking on more fluids' b'seems to help, and they seem worse in the summer. remember that a slow' b"heart rate will allow more pvc's to be apparent, so perhaps it is an" b'indication of a healthy cardiac system (but ask an expert about that' b'last point, especially)' b'' b'i too have had premature ventricular heartbeat, starting in (these' b'are not, by the way, "extra" heartbeats. this is how they feel, and' b"this is how i described them initially to the doctor, but they're" b'actually *premature* heartbeats. i would sometimes experience a lapse' b'after one of these that went on for a suffocatingly long period of time,' b'making me wonder if my heart were ever going to beat again.)' b'' b'i had them persistently for eighteen years. then i went on a low-fat' b"diet, and they just stopped. i haven't had a single episode of pvh" b'for almost two years. i know: correlation does not imply causation.' b'this is just fwiw.' b'' b'--barbara' b'' b'' b'' 