b'' b'' b"can't imagine what it's like to have a penis, much less a foreskin. i" b'guess if american medicine did an artistic job of circumcising every' b'male, then the visual result would be somewhat more natural in' b'appearance...' b'' b'the penile cancer thing has been *completely* debunked...she must be' b'going to school on a south pacific island. tell her to check the journal' b'or urology for circumcision articles. i remember at least on an old' b'jewish man (cut at birth) who developed penile cancer....i mean, if the' b'cancer risk was that great, the europe who have been circumcising like' b'crazy, too. teaching a boy how to keep his cockhead clean is the issue: a' b'little proper hygiene goes a long way americans are just too hung up on' b"the penis to consider cleaning it: that's just way too much like" b'mastubation. so you have surgical intervention that is basically' b'unnecessary.' b'' b'peter schlumpf' b'university of illinois at urbana-champaign' b'' b"first off, use some decent terms if ya don't mind. this is sci.med, not" b'alt.sex.' b'' b'secondly, how absolutely bogus to assume that "american\'s are just too hung' b'up on the penis....blah,blah". i think most american\'s don\'t care about' b'anything so comlicated as that. they just think it "looks nicer". ask' b'a few of them and see what response you get. others still opt for' b'circumcision due to religious traditions and beliefs. some think it is' b'easier to clean. still others do it because "daddy was".' b'' b"dont' be so naive as to think american's are afraid of sexuality." b'' b'my son is not circumcised, and i can vouch for the argument that it is' b"more difficult to keep clean than a circumcised kids'. not so much that" b"the foreskin is difficult to pull back (it isn't) but because my son" b"doesn't want to wait long enough for a thorough check for smega or misplaced" b'feces. so, many times it just gets a once over dab. it worries me' b'that he might get an infection due to his lack of cooperation. i am' b'sure, however, that he will be able to handle cleaning under the foreskin' b'himself once he is old enough. until, there is always the decision at' b'each diaper change...is this the time to clean or can we wait till next' b'time.' 