b'' b'' b"for a very long time i've had a problem with feeling really awful" b'when i try to get up in the morning. my sleep latency at night is also' b'pretty long, ranging from min to an hour. i get about hours of' b'bedtime (maybe of actual sleep) a night and more on the weekends. i' b'will spend two or three hours laying in bed after this if i can, because' b'i feel so tired when i wake up, even more tired than i was when i' b'went to bed, which is usually too tired to work.' b'' b'anyway, i recently had a really bad flu, so i called a friend to' b'get me some cough syrup with both an expectorant and a nasal decongestant;' b'but he got vicks formula 44m which has everything but an expectorant. so' b'i used that anyway, and the three nights i used it, i fell asleep rapidly' b'and felt that i got really good quality sleep that is, i actually' b'felt refreshed the next morning.' b'' b'so, i am now trying to look into, both in the literature and' b'experimentally, the use of antihistamines as sleep aids, since i am' b'presuming that it was the antihistamine that caused the effect. the' b'antihistamine in vicks formula is chloriphenamine maleate, so i bought' b"some generic tablets of that, and tried one last night and didn't" b'notice any improvement. i might try one with a little alcohol (about' b'1 beer) to see if it is a synergism effect. also, library research' b'seems to show that benadryl is the antihistamine with the strongest' b'sedative effect of what is availible otc. so i might also buy a generic' b'form of that and try that; the pdr seems to suggest that mg is a good' b'dosage level to try.' b'' b'for other medical information, i have allergies but rarely have' b'an allergic reaction living in new mexico. i also have chronically dry' b'eyes, which get horrible if i try to use most underarm deoderants. i did' b'guess that my problem might be caused by hypoglycemia, so i made some' b"changes in my diet consistent with that, and it didn't help, so i" b'went back to a normal diet (pretty diverse, also taking vitamin supplements)' b'' b'anyway, i am looking for advice for the use of' b'antihistamines as sleep aids, and if there are any dangers of such use' b'(seems safe to me since they are used chronically for allergies by' b"millions). i don't want to try bzs, because bz addiction seems to be" b'a serious threat, and from what i hear, bz sleep quality is not good,' b'whereas antihistamine sleep quality seems to be better for me. i have' b'tried some dietary tryptophan loading stuff, and that also seems to' b'lower sleep quality, i seem to wake up around or so and be in some' b'kind of mental haze until or also, i would be interested in' b"any other advice for helping my problem. (although i've already tried" b'many of the non-pharmacological solutions)' 