b'' b"i've sent gordon r. my posts on protein, vitamin c and vitamin a prior to" b"posting on internet as a professional courtesy. somehow i've managed to" b'delete my vitamin a post from my text file. gordon r. had promised to send' b"it back to me but he's pretty mad at me right now so i'll just retype it." b'since digging through all my references is very time consuming(took me all' b"day for that pms post), i'm not going to cite any references(gordon r. has" b"them). i'm going to include some of the material from weinsier and" b"morgan's new nutrition textbook(which was not in my original material) to" b"point out that what i'm going to say has some support in the medical" b'community.' b'' b'diet has been know to affect the immune system of man for a very, very long' b"time. protein has always had the biggest role in infection and i've" b'already covered the role of protein in protecting you against infection.' b"now i'm going to hit what i consider to be the most important nutrient in" b'the u.s. as far as infection is concerned(vitamin a).' b'' b'when vitamin a was originally discovered, it was commonly referred to as' b'the anti-infection vitamin. many people(linus pauling being one) have' b'decided to take this title away from vitamin a and give it to vitamin c' b"(which i've already covered). big mistake(in my opinion). vitamin a is" b'also getting a reputation as an anti-cancer vitamin(with good reason).' b'the nci currently has numerous clinical trials in progress to see if' b"vitamin a can not only prevent cancer but cure it as well. it's role in" b'both cancer and infection is almost identical(but not quite).' b'' b'vitamin a comes in two completely different forms(retinol and' b"beta-carotene). retinol is the animal form and it's toxic, beta-carotene" b"is the plant form and it's completely nontoxic. both retinol and beta-" b'carotene display good absorption in the human gut if bile is present' b'(60-80%). the liver stores all of your retinol and doles it out for other' b'tissues to use by synthesizing retinol binding protein(rbp). a normal human' b'adult liver should have 500,000iu to 1,000,000iu of retinol stored. we' b'are born with 10,000iu in our liver. u.s. autopsy has shown that about' b'30% of americans die with the same(or less) amount of vitamin a as they' b"were born with. if you don't believe that nutritional reserves(like that" b'of retinol in the liver) are important, then this low vitamin a reserve is' b'not going to affect you. but if you believe(like i do) that the nutrient' b'reserves are important, then there is a problem with vitamin a in the u.s.' b'' b'the u.s. rda for vitamin a in an adult male is re or 5,000iu of' b'vitamin a. for adult feamles its re or 4,000iu of vitamin a. diet' b'surveys show that most americans are getting this amount of vitamin a' b'(either retinol or beta-carotene) from their diet. but the nrc(national' b'research council) was going to release a new rda table in that had the' b'rda for both vitamin a and vitamin c raised(c to 90mg per day and a to' b"7,500iu per day for adult males). that report and it's recommendations was" b'killed. why? concern over the increasing supplementation was the main' b'reason. rdas are set to prevent clinical disease, not to keep nutrient' b'reserves full. many scientist in the u.s. feel that the time has come to' b'move away from the prevention of clinical pathology concept and move' b'towards the promotion of optimum health concept, especially since we have' b'some very good data now that show that nutrient reserves are extremely' b'important during periods of stress. the nutritonal concervatives won that' b'battle and a new group of scientist were collected to come out with the' b'1989 rda list which lowered the rda for several nutrients and moved the' b'dietary guidelines back to where they were when we first started in the' b"1940's(get enough to prevent clinical pathology, but not enough to fill" b'the reserves).' b'' b'we know from autopsy that only about of americans have a liver with a' b'normal vitamin a reserve(500,000iu to 1,000,000iu). i preach nutrient' b'reserves to my students and tell them to measure them in their patients.' b'but for vitamin a, only a liver biopsy(or autopsy data) will tell you how' b'much somebody has stored. we can tell very easily if someone has' b'overfilled his or her liver with vitamin a by measuring the serium retinol' b'level(levels above 450ug/dl are highly suggestive that you have filled your' b"liver with vitamin a and it's time to stop taking retinol). the normal" b'range of serum retinol will be 20-100ug/dl. hypervitaminosis a is' b'diagnosed with a serum retinol level of 2,000ug/dl or higher(interpretation' b'of diagnostic test, wallach, m.d., a little brown series book). this level' b'of vitamin a in blood means that medical attention is necessary due to' b'vitamin a toxicity. weinsier and morgan take a much more conservative' b'approach to vitamin a toxicity than does wallach, as you will see later in' b'this post. between 450ug/dl and 2,000ug/dl you should have plenty' b"of warning that it's time to eliminate the retinol from your diet(headache," b'redness of the skin, hair loss, joint pain).' b'' b'i tell all my students that will use vitamin a in their practice that they' b'had better monitor the serum retinol level and stop when there are clear' b'signs that the liver is full. you will never really know if the patient' b'needs the vitamin a(because you can not measure the pool in liver) but you' b"will always know when it's time to stop(just like in those vitamin a for" b'pms studies).' b'' b'beta-carotene can be taken to fill up your liver with retinol and you will' b'never have to worry about toxicity because the conversion of beta-carotene to' b'retinol that occurs in both your gut and your liver will slow down(stops in the' b'liver and slows down in the gut) when your liver is full of retinol. but' b'taking beta-carotene as the source of retinol takes a very long time to' b"fill the liver up(i've seen estimates of years) if you are in the b'that only has as much as you were born with in your liver(10,000iu). one' b'other problem with beta-carotene, if you have a zinc deficit, you will not' b'convert as much beta-carotene to retinol in the gut or the liver because the' b'enxzyme that does this conversion requires zinc. in addition, the release of' b'retinol from the liver is a zinc dependent process so a zinc deficit will' b'cause a vitamin a deficit even if your liver has plenty of vitamin a.' b'' b'now what does vitamin a do in cancer and infection protection? the body' b'uses vitamin a(retinol) for many different things. vision(the first to be' b'nailed down and where you see overt clinical pathology) uses the aldehyde' b'(retinal) and alcohol(retinol) form of vitamin a. reproduction uses the' b'retinol form and some retinal. infection and cancer protection uses' b'retinoic acid. how do you convert retinol(which your white blood cells' b'and the mucosal cells get from blood) to retinoic acid? you use enzymes,' b'one of which requires vitamin c(this is why pauling has tried to pull the' b'title of anti-infection vitamin away from vitamin a). vitamin c does play' b"a role in infection(interferon production for example) but it's biggest role" b'is the conversion of retinol to retinoic acid. if you increase your intake' b'of vitamin c, you will increase your formation of retinoic acid. but' b'retinoic acid can not be converted back to retinol(as retinal can) and once' b"it's formed, it's used and then lost to the body. this is why the nrc" b"group wanted to increase both vitamin c and vitamin a rda's." b'' b'most people taking large amounts of vitamin c really think that they are' b"helping themselves. if they don't have much vitamin a in their liver and" b'they are not also increasing their intake of vitamin a, they actually do' b'themselves more harm than good.' b'' b'retinoic acid functions in white blood cells to promote antibody formation.' b'in the mucus membrane, it is the main factor in promoting good mucus' b'production and a good epithelial cell barrier to prevent infectious agents from' b'entering the blood system. the mucus membrane is referred to as the "first' b'line" defense against infection. for cancer, retinoic acid has been shown' b'to act as a cell brake(it counteracts the effect of cell promoters which' b'stimulate cells to divide). cancer has two distinct steps, dna alteration' b'and cell promotion. for cells that normally divide all the time, promoters' b'are not that important. but for lung and breast tissue which does not' b'normally divide, promoters are real important in the malignant process.' b'this is the major reason why the nci has so many different clinical trials' b'in progress using retinol and/or beta-carotene.' b'' b'chronic infection(irritation) of the mucus membranes is a signal that' b'vitamin a may not be adequate. i tell my students that any patient who' b'walks into their office with a complaint of chronic infection has to be' b'worked up for vitamin a(along with the other factors that medicine already' b"has on it's list of causes for chronic infection). i drive this home in my" b'course at the osteopathic college in tulsa, when i teach at the allopathic' b"medical school in tulsa(ou's branch campus) and when i give cme lectures." b'' b'dark adaptation is the best clinical test for vitamin a status since night' b'vision is impacted when liver reverves drop to 50,000iu of retinol. the' b'serum level of retinol can also be used, but it does not drop until liver' b'reserves drop below to 20,000iu. asking a patient if they have' b'trouble seeing at night is a good initial screen(if cataracts are ruled' b'out). in one study done on u.s. spanish-americans where serum retinol levels' b'were measured, of the sample population had a serum retinol level below' b'20ug/dl.' b'' b'as more studies are done on serum retinol levels in population groups of' b'the u.s. that have had a history of high infection rates, we will probably' b'see a much stonger correlation between infection incidence rates and low' b'serum retinol levels.' b'' b'what do weinsier and morgan have to say about vitamin a? here are excerpts' b'from their book:' b'' b'vitamin a functions in vision in the forrm of retinol, it is necessay for' b'growth and differentation of epithelial tissue, and is required for' b'reproduction, embryonic development, and bone growth. protein-calorie' b'malnutrition and zinc deficiency may impair the absorption, transport, and' b'metabolism of vitamin a. retinaldehyde is converted to retinoic acid,' b'which has biological activity in growth and in cell diferentiation but not' b'in reproduction or vision. the most common procedure to evaluate vitamin a' b'status is to measure the retinol level in plasma or serum. the normal' b'range for vitamin a content for a child is to 90ug/dl. lower values are' b'indicators of deficiency or depleted body stores. serum levels greater' b'than 100ug/dl are indicative of toxic levels of vitamin a. dark adaptation' b'tests and electroretinogram measurements are also useful but difficult to' b'perform on young children. rapidly proliferating tissues are sensitive to' b'vitamin a deficiency and may revert to an undifferentiated state. the' b'bronchorespiratory tract, skin, genitourinary system, gastrointestinal' b'tract and sweat glands are adversely affected. a daily intake of more than' b'7.5mg(about 37,000iu) of retinol is not advised and chronic use of amounts' b'over 20mg(100,000iu) can result in a dry and itching skin, desquamation,' b'erythematous dermatitis, hair loss, joint pain, chapped lips, hyperostois' b'(bony depositis), headaches, anorexia, edema and fatigue.' b'' b'they recommend 30mg of retinol via im injection in children for vitamin a' b'deficiency but do not discuss treatment for adults. their toxic serum retinol' b'level is very conservative. i recommend that my students try 25,000iu in' b'adults that are having problems with chronic infection. they have to rule' b'out a zinc deficit first by getting an rbc zinc run(or if their clinical' b"lab can't run it, i tell them to do what weinsier and morgan suggest, give" b'them the zinc along with the vitamin a. at 25,000iu per day, toxicity' b'should not be a problem and you will not have to worry about pulling the' b'patient into the office on a regular basis to run a serum retinol.' b'' b'both elaine and jon found doctors who used a much higher dose of vitamin a.' b'recall that the pms papers were using 100,000iu to 200,000iu of vitamin a.' b"i don't suggest that my students use these high doses. if you wanted to" b'fill the liver up fast(as part of a clinical trial) and were monitoring the' b'serum retinol level, then you would be okay. but my knowledge of the' b'vitamin a literature suggests to me that 25,000iu for patients with a' b'demonstrated vitamin a deficit(dark adapatation test or serum retinol) will' b'provide a good and steady improvement(as long as zinc and vitamin c status' b'are good) without having to worry about toxicity. if they want to get more' b'agressive, fine if they follow my advise to check the serum retinol. but' b'vitamin a(retinol) should never be given in high dose to women who could' b'become pregnant since vitamin a shows teratogenicity towards the human' b'fetus. the dose needed to show this effect on the developing fetus is' b'18,000iu of retinol per day. beta-carotene will never have this effect on' b'the human fetus.' b'' b'could just taking beta-carotene instead of retinol supplements help? yes' b'but the effect will take a long time to develop. my advise is to use' b'retinol to fill the liver up and then switch to beta-carotene to keep it' b'full. vitamin a is probably one nutrient that is better off left to' b"prescription by doctors. but when we have the m.d.'s in this newsgroup" b'jumping all over me and other doctors that propose the use of vitamin a' b'supplements for treating patients with chronic sinus and gi distress, i' b'think that the most prudent option is to keep vitamin a in the otc market' b'but require manufactors to provide package inserts to educate the general' b'public about the dangers of vitamin a supplementation.' b'' b'marty b.' b'' 