b'' b'| there is no data to show chromium is effective in promoting weight loss. the' b'| few studies that have been done using chromium have been very flawed and inher' b'| ently biased (the investigators were making money from marketing it).' b'| theoretically it really doesnt make sense either. the claim is that chromium' b'| will increase muscle mass and decrease fat. of course, chromium is also used t' b'| o cure diabetes, high blood pressure and increase muscle mass in athletes(just' b"| as well as anabolic steroids). sounds like snake oil for the 1990's b'' b'' b'' b'where are your references? i have been unable to find studies that state' b'that chromium "cures diabetese". it can reduce the amount of insulin you' b'have to take. "high blood pressure" i have never heard of this claim' b'before. anabolic steroids" i have also never heard of this claim' b'before. sounds like you are making things up and stretching the truth' b'for god knows what reason. did somebody piss you off at one time?' b'' b'' b'' b'| on the other hand, it really cant hurt you anywhere but your wallet, and place' b'| bo effects of anything can be pretty dramatic...' b'' b'' b'' b"i agree with you that chromium picolinate by itself isn't likely" b'to make a fat person thin. but it can be the decisive component' b'of an overall strategy for long-term weight control and make an' b'important contribution to good health. it is important to' b'exercise and also avoid fat calories b'' b'chromium picolinate has shown to reduce fat and increase' b'lean muscle i will not bore you with the' b"statistics. you wouldn't believe these anyway." b'' b'chromium picolinate is an exceptionally bioactive source of' b'the essential mineral chromium. chromium plays a vital role' b'in "sensitizing" the body\'s tissues to the hormone insulin.' b'weight gain in the form of fat tends to impair sensitivity' b'to insulin and thus, in turn, makes it harder to lose' b'weight b'' b'insulin directly stimulates protein synthesis and retards' b'protein breakdown in muscles this "protein sparing"' b'effect of insulin tends to decline during low calorie diets' b'as insulin levels decline, which results in loss of muscle' b'and organ tissue. by "sensitizing" muscle to insulin,' b'chromium picolinate helps to preserve muscle in dieters' b'so that they "burn" more fat and less muscle. preservation' b'of lean body mass has an important long-term positive' b'effect on metabolic rate, helping dieters keep off the' b"fat they've lost." b'' b'chromium picolinate promotes efficient metabolism by aiding' b'the thermogenic (heat producing) effects of insulin.' b'insulin levels serve as a rough index of the availability' b"of food calories, so it's not at all surprising that insulin" b'stimulates metabolism note that i did not say' b'that chromium picolinate increases metabolism.' b'' b'in summary, you need to change your life style in order to' b'loose weight and stay healthy:' b'' b'a. reduce dietary fat consumption to no more than of calories.' b'- eating fat makes you fat.' b'' b'b. increase dietary fiber' b'- low in calories; high in nutrients.' b'' b'c. get regular aerobic exercise at least times a week' b'- burn calories.' b'' b'd. take chromium picolinate daily' b'- lose fat; keep muscle' b'' b'' b'references:' b'' b'1. kaats gr, fisher ja, blum k. abstract, american aging' b'association, 21st annual meeting, denver, october b'2. evans, gw. int j biosoc med res b'3. page tg, ward tl, southern ll. j animal sci suppl b'abstract b'4. felig p. clin physiol b'5. kimball sr, jefferson ls. diabetes metab rev b'6. fukugawa nk, minaher kl, rowe jw. et al. j clin invest b'2306, b'7. fehlmann m, freychet p. biol chem b'8. pittman cs, suda ak, chambers jb, jr., ray gy. metabolism' b'28: b'9. danforth e, jr. am j clin nutr b'10. mccarty mf. med hypoth b'11. bielinski r, schutz y, jequier e. am j clin nutr b'12. young jc, treadway jl, balon tw, garvas hp, ruderman nb.' b'metabolism b'' b'' b'best regards,' b'michael vincze' b'' 