b'' b'' b"any opinions on burzynski's antineoplastons or information about the current" b'status of his research would be appreciated.' b'' b"burzynski's work is not too promising. none of his a-1 through a-5" b'antineoplastons have been shown to have antineoplastic effects against' b'experimental cancer. the nci conducted tests of a-2 and a-5 against' b'leukemia in mice, with the result that doses high enough to produce' b'toxic effects in the mice were not effective in inhibiting the growth' b'of the tumor or killing it. (these were in and b'' b'burzynski claims that a-10 is the active factor common to all of a-1' b'and a-5 (something which he has not shown, a-10 has only been' b"extracted from a-2. he also hasn't shown that a-1 through a-5 are actually" b'distinct substances). the nci conducted a series of tests using a-10' b'against a standard panel of tumors that included different cell lines' b'from tumors in the following classes: leukemia, non-small-cell and' b'small-cell lung cancer, colon cancer, cancer of the central nervous' b'system, melanoma, ovarian cancer and renal cancer. a-10 exhibited' b'neither growth inhibition nor cytotoxicity at the dose levels tested.' b'' b"it is necessary to process a-10 since it is not soluble (burzynski's" b'theory requires soluble agents), but this basically hydrolizes it to' b'pag (which he calls as pag is not an information carrying' b'peptide, something which byrzynski claims is necessary for' b'antineoplastic activity. as (also derived from a-10) is a b'mixture of pa and pag. pa (also not a peptide) can be purchased at a' b'chemical supply houses for about a gram. a-10 is chemically' b'extremely similar to glutithamide and thalidomide, both of which are' b'habit forming and can cause peripheral neuropathy. the nasty effects' b'of thalidomide are widely known. in spite of this similarity, a-10' b"does not appear to have been tested for it's potential to induce" b'teratogenicity or peripheral neuropathy.' b'' b"many of burzynski's statements about the origin of his theory, early" b'research, past and present support by others for his work have been' b'shown to be untrue.' b'' b'' b'sdb' b'---' b'' 