b'' b'' b'' b'the penile cancer thing has been *completely* debunked...she must be' b'going to school on a south pacific island. tell her to check the journal' b'or urology for circumcision articles. i remember at least on an old' b'jewish man (cut at birth) who developed penile cancer....i mean, if the' b'cancer risk was that great, the europe who have been circumcising like' b'crazy, too. teaching a boy how to keep his cockhead clean is the issue: a' b'little proper hygiene goes a long way americans are just too hung up on' b"the penis to consider cleaning it: that's just way too much like" b'mastubation. so you have surgical intervention that is basically' b'unnecessary.' b'' b'peter schlumpf' b'university of illinois at urbana-champaign' b'' b'as i recall, it is a statistical anomaly because of the sample involved in the studies.' b'i am certain that if it were true the europeans would be cutting kids right left.' b'' b"first off, use some decent terms if ya don't mind. this is sci.med, not" b'alt.sex.' b'' b'secondly, how absolutely bogus to assume that "american\'s are just too hung' b'up on the penis....blah,blah". i think most american\'s don\'t care about' b'anything so comlicated as that. they just think it "looks nicer". ask' b'a few of them and see what response you get. others still opt for' b'circumcision due to religious traditions and beliefs. some think it is' b'easier to clean. still others do it because "daddy was".' b'' b'i think alot do it blindly because "dad" had it done. but there are many' b'who get bamboozled into it with the bogus cancer thing. awhile back some' b'quack told a friend of mine that it would help prevent aids.' b'' b'yeah...right! (sarchasm)' b'' b"dont' be so naive as to think american's are afraid of sexuality." b'' b'oh yeah b'' b'scene: navy boot camp' b'' b'di:\t\t"son, you smel awful! dont you ever clean that thing?"' b'recruit:\t"no sir b'di:\t\t"why the hell not!"' b'recruit:\t"your not sposed to touch down there?"' b'di:\t\t"why b'recruit:\t"cause thats the eye of god down there, an\' your not s\'posed to touch it..."' b'' b'this did not happen years ago, it happened years ago.' b'' b'i think americans are quite hung up about sex and the involved plumbing!' 