b'' b'(this is a cross post to rec.gardens and sci.med. set the follow-up' b'(line in the header, depending on what kind of advice you give, or' b'' b'i have a problem with wasps they seem to love me. last summer i' b"couldn't spend more than ten to fifteen minutes at a time in my garden" b'before one or several wasps would come for me. i am asking for advice' b'on how to repel wasps.' b'' b'this year the wasps have built their nest under a stone next to one' b'of my tiny ponds. the caretaker (poor fellow!) will have to take care' b'of them, and that will give me a head start on them. last year we' b"couldn't find any nest. even after the caretaker has gassed the nest" b'in my tiny garden of square meter, other wasps will most likely vie' b'for the territory. is there anything i can grow, rub on my skin or' b'spread on the soil that will repel the black and yellow bastards?' b'never mind if it turns my skin purple or kills off all my beloved' b'plants, i want to be able to spend time in my garden like everyone' b'else.' b'' b'would it help to remove the ponds and the bird bath? the wasps seem' b'to come to drink at them, and i suppose that their prey will breed in' b'them. the black tits seem to be afraid of the wasps, because as soon' b'as the wasp season starts, they stop coming to have their bath.' b'' b'even when i am not trying to win back my patio from wasps, they' b'seem to love me. the advice i usually get when i ask what to do about' b"wasps, is to stand still and not wave my arms. i've got some painful" b'stings when trying to follow that advice. i have also tried to use' b'hygienic products without perfumes, to no avail. they still love me,' b"and come for me, even when i'm in the middle of a crowd. so far only" b'two things seem to work: to kill it dead or to run into the house and' b'close all doors and windows.' b'' b"nb: i don't have a problem with bees or bumble-bees, just wasps." b'patronizing advice redirected to /dev/null.' b'' b'--ceci' b'--' b'"the number of rational hypotheses that can explain any given' b'phenomenon is infinite."' b"phaedrus' law from rm pirsig's _zen_and_the_art_of_motorcycle_maintenance_" 