b'' b'[...]' b'a couple of years ago i put together a tesla circuit which' b'was published in an electronics magazine and could have been' b'the circuit which is referred to here. this one used a' b'flyback transformer from a tv onto which you wound your own' b'primary windings. it also used power transistors in a to b'[...]' b"10 years ago i built a volt tesla, and the thing was very" b'spectacular, but besides scaring/amazing friends (depending on their' b'knowledge of science), and generating strong emi, i never found anything' b'useful that could be done with it is there any real-world application' b'for tesla coils today b'' b'david prutchi' b'' b'first of all, realize that tesla invented ac power generators, motors,' b'transformers, conductors, etc. technically, *all* transformers are tesla' b'coils. in general though when someone refers to a tesla coil, they mean' b'an "air core resonant transformer". the tv flyback version tesla' b'coil (see the _encyclopedia_of_electronic_circuits_ v3, for' b'diagram) has not an air core. it is of a class of circuit called' b'"oscillating shuttle circuit" (osc). generally osc\'s are highly' b'efficient, but this version uses transistors and resistors,' b'which are very lossy devices. typically tesla used active' b'reactances instead of passive resistors, so that he could achieve' b'efficiencies of and better. the usual application of an air-core' b'resonant transformer, or of an osc, is to produce strong emi' b'for wireless broadcasts. how well do you think your computer' b'screen would work if we removed the hf hv tesla (flyback) coil' b'from it? if we were to remove from our homes and industries all' b'tesla coils, our lights would go dark, our cars would sputter' b'and die, our radios would go silent, our industries would grind' b'to a halt, and we would have to go back to using coal for heat,' b'gas for lamps, horses for transportation, steam for power, and' b'telegraph for communication. is that real world enough for you???????' b'' b'get the message! we would not have the convieniences we have' b'today if not for tesla. give credit where credit is due!' b'' b"if it had been up to edison, we'd still be in the 19th century." b"(flame me at your own peril. i'm very good at putting edison down)." b'' b'----' b'et "tesla was years ahead of his time. perhaps now his time comes".' b'----' 