b'' b'' b' i am looking for any info i can get on the nec 3d monitor.' b' i know that it is a multisync but that is about all.' b' i plan on buying one second-hand in a while depending on its specs.' b' b' does anyone know the min/max frequencies, whether it is interlaced,' b' non-interlaced, or both, video compatability, etc?' b' i have seen a reference to it being pitch with x resolution' b" and that it supports svga from one source and that it doesn't support" b' svga from another source. (neither source seemed to have much reliable' b" info so i don't want to take a guess.)" b'' b" i'm at home right now, and so am away from my monitor files; the following" b' is off the top of my head, subject to revision, worth-what-ya-pay-for-it' b" sort of info. if you don't hear from anyone who has spec sheet in hand," b" e-mail me and i'll look it up." b'' b' if i\'m remembering correctly, the 3d is a mm pitch multisync that' b' covers at least vga khz horizontal, hz vertical) to x b' hz (which is going to be about khz horizontal). it may go somewhat' b" higher than that on the horizontal, but you won't be happy with anything" b' beyond x on a tube; you probably won\'t be too thrilled' b' with the x on this tube, but it *will* sync up and display it.' b' (i prefer at least a for this resolution.) since svga is 800x600,' b" it'll do that too. the horizontal range probably goes lower than but" b" i don't know if it goes all the way down to straight ntsc-rate tv (which need" b' about khz sweep). as far as "video compatibility" (if i\'m reading' b" the question right: it won't take anything but analog rgb inputs. in other" b' words, it has no way to decode ntsc or y/c video inputs. you would need' b' some sort of board to to this conversion like the sorts of things that' b' let you display ntsc on a vga display.' b'' b" hopefully, now, i'll see this response of mine, and it'll remind me to" b' look this stuff up and confirm it. (or force me to post a hasty retraction!)' b'' b'ok, i was under the impression that it accepted digital input.' b'' b"i still don't know for sure if it accepts both interlaced and" b'non-interlaced as i have gotten conflicting info.' b'' b'the inquiring mind bbs, winnipeg, manitoba 