b'' b'' b'du writes:' b'i have a project that was drooped in my lap that is somewhat a pain to design.' b'what i am looking for is a stable ultra-long solid state timer. what they want' b'to do is to place this thing on the antartic ice shelf and measure the amount' b'of snow fall over a period of six weeks. every two weeks, they want to trip a' b'selonoid to discharge different colored pellets by gas pressure out across the' b'snow. then by digging down into the snow, the snow fall amount can be measured' b'as they come to the different color pellets.' b'' b'the problem is trying to build a timer that would stand the cold degrees)' b"and a power source that wouldn't drain. i have looked at the xr-2204 timers and" b"the standard ne556 dual timers, but thier temp specs won't go that low. also," b'two weeks equates to seconds per firing, which means one big timing' b'cap i have found farad (yes, farad caps that have a working voltage of' b'5 volts and are small in size. but again, the time of discharge at or lower' b"degrees isn't linear. i was thinking of using several timers chained together" b'to fire the selonid at the end of the timing period, but that blasted cold and' b'the drain on a battery over six weeks is the pain. one possibility would be to' b'use solar panels, but this is during the six month twilight. anyone have any' b'good ideas b'' b'thanks in advance...' b'' b'-=-= wes b'' b'just a suggestion:' b'take a motorola mc14536b set it up to give you a pulse once every sec or ten' b'secs with either a rc or xtal clock input. then feed to a mc14521b as clock' b"input and decode output for sec output ,might have to add a few 'and'" b"gates or decoder chips to get output and reset pulse back to the'521 to restart" b'cycle... trigger a oneshot from the decoded riseing edge ;the one shot then' b'goes to a mosfet to drive the mechanism to fire the pellet launcher..' b'these ckts require uamps of current,between volts, so a volt' b'gel cell of a few amphours would last the six weeks.' b'then take the ckt board battery wrap in or of foam or build a box' b'of out of the stuff...with plywood or metal exterior...' b'build a small heater out of watt resistors in series to keep the battery' b'and ckts warm.' b'2nd thought use batteries one for heater one for timer and pellet trigger.' b'' b'insolate-insolate.......even though the chips state that the al' b'rated devices are good to c.. the batteries have a considerable reduction' b'in capacity...oh make sure the area inside has minium air leakage..' b'' b'hope this helps' b'rw is this to long winded for the net??)(be gentle)...' b'--' 