b'' b'[...]' b'i agree. i come at this from nuclear physics, where one often discusses' b'particle-hole excitations and certain reactions have the effect of' b'applying an annihilation operator and creating a hole, and it is a' b'subtle question. the longer one works with them, the more real they' b'become. there are also quasi-particles, which raise the same sort' b'of question about how "real" the entity is. the phenomenon is most' b'certainly a real one.' b'' b"ok, i've asked this before, and with a new thread on these lines, i" b'ask this again:' b'' b'1: if a large hole current is run thru a resistor, will there be' b'i^2 r cooling instead of heating?' b'' b'2: can anyone design an amplifier that preferentially amplifies' b'hole currents over normal electron currents?' b'' b'3: what semiconductor materials have the highest ratio of' b'hole mobility to electron mobility? (please quote actual' b'test samples rather than estimates based on theory. also,' b"don't be limited to semiconductors: consider also insulators," b'resistors, dielectrics, piezo-electrics, conductors,' b'magnets (metal, ceramic), magnetostrictives, etc).' b'' b'notes:' b'' b'to summarize, this thread has so far stated that the only area' b'where holes are not detectable is the vacuum. that is, hole' b'particles only exist in the presence of matter.' b'previous threads have stated that holes only exist in certain' b'semi-conductors. the question that naturally arises is if' b'the hole currents inside a semi-conductor vanish at the point' b'where the semiconductor is joined to a conductor (say, copper).' b"i don't want a theoretical discussion here about whether" b'holes could exist inside metal conductors, rather i ask for' b'an experimental discussion on how to amplify and detect such' b'currents *if* they exist.' b'also note that i have cross-posted this to sci.electronics' b'since this is now becoming an electronic discussion.' b'' b'thanx,' b'eric.' b'' b'----' b'et "a force of nature"' b'----' 