b'' b'' b'i would like to digitize the output of a squid magnetometer (range v' b'to v) and do digital signal processing in a computer, say a macintosh' b'ii or a pc. i would like a good bit adc with good linearity and a' b'high conversion speed, at least khz, preferably khz. other concerns' b'' b'(2) must i use an adc external to my computer to avoid digital noise' b' feedback into my sensitive squid electronics?' b'' b'might be a good idea... the resolution you requested is about 0.3mv' b"in order to get what you've paid for, noise level better be lower than" b'that. it is kind of hard to do it in a noisy box like you can expect' b'inside a pc.' b'' b'before you pay for a pc card, test it out by sampling a low' b'distortion sine wave (i think there is a sine wave on a cd. digital' b'domain there are possibly other low thd sources) run the digitized' b'waveform through a fft transform and take alook at the noise floor on' b"the spectrum. that's should give you a good indication of the design." b"(that's what i am doing to test a data acquistion system i have designed" b'- i got the idea from maxim data sheet.)' b'' b'if you can live with bit resolution, i would recommend looking at' b'the max121 from maxim. it is a high speed (308khz) complete' b'sampling a/d with dsp interface. the input range is 5v and it' b'uses a serial interface (which can easily be optically isolated' b'from the computer to elinimate a major noise source) the analog design' b'guide i got from them shows a -100db noise level. they claim a -77db' b'' b'a evaluation kit is available. might want to give these nice folks a' b'call. or fax: and ext4000' b'for application assistance.' b'' b'this assumes that you can build your own das and write your own software.' b'(hey you can get the max121 as a free sample just by calling the b'' b'i would appreciate discussion of your personal experience with a mac or pc-' b'based adc system.' b'' b'i would recommend you to find out the resolution that can be gotten out' b'of your system by looking at the noise level, otherwise you might be' b'throwing out your money.' b'' b'charles cunningham' b'' b'k. c. lee' b'elec. eng. grad. student' b'' b'i have no connection with maxim except i do in general recommend' b'companies that give samples to students to others. i feel they' b'deserve that for being nice to me.' 