b'' b'i had a ge emerson color tv for about years and one fine day,' b'while we were watching something (i doubt if the program was the cause),' b'we heard a mild explosion. our screen went blank but there was sound,' b"so we thought, 'oh we have special effects on the program'. but soon" b'the sound stopped and smoke started to appear at the back of the tv.' b'the brilliant ees we are, we unplugged the tv and called customer service' b'only to be thrown around by please hold, i will transfer u to blah blah..' b' finally we abandoned the idea of trying to fix the tv and got a new one' b'(we wanted a bigger one too!).' b' after all the story, what i wanted to know is: is my problem an isolated' b'incident or a common one? (i recall reading about russian tvs exploding, but' b'not here, in the us). why would the picture tube explode or even smoke?' b' i still have the left over tv set, i might dig into it this summer. any' b'idea where i can get parts for these things? (probably will cost more than tv).' b'' b'' b'heh, heh, heh, heh....i laugh because i have the same damn tv, and it' b"did the same thing! actually it is a goldstar, but it's essentially the" b'same tv and electronics--just a different face plate and name.' b'' b"#1. fortunately, tv tubes don't explode. i'd think the tv mfrs want" b"to make this possibility remote as possible. if at all, they'll" b'*implode* and the glass that blows out would be the result of the' b'glass boucing off the back of the tube due to the implosion. in any' b"case, don't kick it around! b'' b'#2 i fixed the tv after getting a hold of some schematics. it turned' b'out to be a blown 2w resistor feeding the flyback transformer. i guess' b'the original resistor was a bit too small to dissipate the heat it' b"created, burning itself out. i checked to make sure the flyback wasn't" b'shorted or anything first! oh, luckily, i had a resistor handy lying' b"around that had just the right value for what i needed. i can't see it" b'being more than cents!.' b'' b'well, needless to say, the tv still works today. so go get a set of' b"schematics and have some fun...just don't get shocked poking around" b'the flyback.' b'' 