b'' b" i'm considering modernizing some old wiring in my home, and" b' i need a little advice on outlet wiring. several outlets' b" are the old 'two prong' type, without the ground. naturally," b' the wire feeding these outlets is without the ground' b' wire. i noticed at the fusebox that some circuits have the' b' with ground, and that on these circuits, the ground' b' wire was tied to the same bus as the neutral (white) wire.' b'' b" so.. here's my question. it seems to me that i'd have the" b' same electrical circuit if i hooked the jumper from the neutral' b" over to the ground screw on new 'three prong' grounding outlets." b" what's wrong with my reasoning here?" b'' b'no. no. nooo!!!' b'' b'the ground (green) wire is for safety. no current is supposed to flow in it' b"under normal conditions. this means that there's normally no voltage drop in" b'it either. it is supposed to be safe to touch the ground wire... even if' b"you're grounded in some other way at the same time." b'' b'the neutral (white) wire is, as dave vanderbyl correctly said, the return for' b"the hot wire. since current flows in it, there's a voltage drop. if you" b'plug a heavy load into a properly-wired grounded outlet, you can commonly' b'measure a volt or so of difference between neutral and ground.' b'' b'they are supposed to be connected together at the breaker panel... but nowhere,' b'repeat nowhere, else. (well, almost. there are strange exceptions for things' b'like sub-panels.)' b'' b'what you can do if you want three-prong outlets without additional wiring is' b'to use a gfci outlet (or breaker, but the outlet will be cheaper). in fact,' b'depending on where you are putting your new outlet(s), a gfci may be *required*.' b'' b'there is a faq on electrical wiring, posted regularly to rec.woodworking and' b'news.answers. it goes into great detail on these issues (including gfcis) and' b"you should probably read it before asking any more questions. i'll mail a copy" b'to you, append a copy here, and will ask the writers to cross-post it here in' b'the future.' b'' b'--- jamie hanrahan, kernel mode systems, san diego ca' b'' 