b'' b'(robert g. carpenter) writes:' b'' b' it seems reasonable to me that a microwave transmitter-receiver setup' b'could' b" do the job. for example, say you want to map an acre lot, it'd be" b'convenient' b" to place mw transmitters around the lot's periphery (either or and" b'then' b' carry a hand-held recorder and walk to a point on the lot, press a button' b'and' b" the coords of the recorder's location is stored as digital data." b' b" what's the chance of this working? any systems like this already exist?" b' what kind of accuracy could you expect? what would something like this' b' cost to prototype? is there a better alternative than microwaves?' b'' b' of course you could develope this system, but there is already a system' b'called global' b' positioning satellites. it gives three dimensional coordinates anywhere on' b'earth.' b' many surveyors use this system with a differential receiver/transmitter to' b'get' b' coordinates within centimeters. basic receivers with resolution of a few' b'meters (on' b' a good day) are available from many sources.' b'' b'' b' b' wmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmwmw' b'' b' weston r beal' b' electrical engineer' b' utah state university' b'' b' "that\'s the wonderful thing about crayons; they can take you to' b' more places than a starship can." guinon' b'' b'' b'' b'thought it means global positioning system. there are two precision levels, one' b'for army applications (killing has to be very accurate today) and one for civil' b"ones. the civil precision is about to 30m (correct me, if i'm wrong)," b'though, it may be insufficiant for mapping buildings. but there is a way with' b'an additional reference point (e.g. one fixed gps system in a house) to get the' b'same high precision as the military version, but it gets pretty complicated' b'then. if you use a microwave system (actually this means some type of radar),' b'you need quite a lot of number crunching to get accurate vectorized data out of' b'your original signals. so the gps system seems to be the better (and running)' b"idea for your application(there have been discussions in this newsgroup, don't" b'know of an address anymore).' b'' b'cheers robert (hb9nby)' b'--' b'robert ganter\t\t\t/------------\\' b'universitaet basel\t\t| i am a fan b'institut fuer informatik\t| of my plan b'basel/switzerland\t\t\\------------/' 