b'' b"| i've recently picked up some til311 display chips, but i can't find" b'| any information on them. it seems they are no longer made by ti, and' b"| i don't have an old enough data book. b'|' b'| it appears to have a dot-matrix led display capable of showing one hex' b'| digit. it is in a pin dip package, but pins and are not' b'| present.' b'|' b'| if you have any information on this part (pinout, power requirments,' b'| functions, please send me e-mail.' b'|' b'| thank you,' b'|' b'| b'| gary segal motorola inc.' b'| \t--- we are standing here only to gaze at the wind b'' b'' b'pin function' b'1 led supply voltage' b'2 latch data input b' b'3 latch data input a' b'4 left decimal point cathode' b'5 latch strobe input' b'6 omitted' b'7 common gnd' b'8 blanking input' b'9 omitted' b'10 right decimal point cathode' b'11 omitted' b'12 latch data input d' b'13 latch data input c' b'14 logic supply voltage (5v)' b'' b'latch strobe input, pin when low, the data in the latches follow the data on the latch data' b'inputs. when high, the data in the latches will not change. if the' b'display is blanked and then restored while the enable input is high,' b'the previous character will again be displayed.' b'' b'blanking input, pin when high, the display is blanked regardless of the levels of the other' b'inputs. when low, a character is displayed as determined by the data' b'in the latches. the blanking input may be pulsed for intensity modulation.' b'' b'latch data inputs, pins data on these inputs are entered into the latches when the enable' b'input is low. the binary weights of these inputs are a b'b c d b'' b'decimal point cathodes, pins these leds are not connected to the logic chip. if a decimal point' b'is used, an external resistor or other current limiting' b'mechanism must be connected in series with it.' b'' b'led supply, pin this connection permits the user to save on regulated vcc current by using' b'a separate led supply, or it may be externally connected to the logic' b'supply (vcc).' b'' b'logic supply (vcc), pin separate vcc connection for the logic chip' b'' b'common ground, pin this is the vegative termnal for all logic and led currents except for the' b'decimal points.' b'' b'john' 