b'' b'' b'anyway, over the weekend, i was resting on the sofa (in between chores),' b'and noticed that i briefly picked up what sounded like ham radio traffic' b'over my stereo and television, even though both were off. also, all the' b'touch sensitive lights in my house start going wacko, cycling through' b'their four brightness states.' b'' b'i presume that some ham operator with an illegal amplifier drove past' b'my house (i live on a busy thoroughfare); would this be a correct presumption?' b'what kind of power must he be putting out to cause the effects?' b'the affected equipment is about feet from the road...' b'' b'hams are unlikely to have an illegal amp, and are also unlikely to' b'have a "dirty" amp.' b'' b'hams can legally run up to watts. it is very unlikely, however,' b'that a ham would be running that kind of power from a car. ham rigs' b'' b"not possible either. you'd need about a amp alternator for" b'just the amplifier. i can just see it. you need to slow' b'down on a downgrade, so you hit the push to talk button.' b'' b'for cars put out around watts. it is possible that a watt' b'radio would cause interference to consumer electronic feet' b'away. most tvs, stereos, and vcrs have very poor rf shielding.' b'if you experience the problem frequently, it may be' b'caused by a ham, cber, or other radio operator in a base station' b'nearby. the interference may have been caused by a radio' b'transmitter used for other purposes, such as police, fire,' b'etc. if you heard voices over your stereo, i think you are' b'correct in assuming that the source is an rf transmitter.' b'' b'if you have frequent trouble, you may want to try the rf ferrite' b'chokes available at radio shack. the interference is probably' b'being picked up by your speaker wires, and those chokes can' b'be installed on the wires very easily (without cutting them).' b'good instructions are included with the chokes.' b'if that does not solve the problem, you may want to search your' b'neighborhood for a radio operator. look for antennas on the roof' b'or car. talk to him/her about your problem. there are things' b'a radio operator can do to reduce interference.' b'' b'and please remember to be friendly when approaching your' b'local radio operator. this person may or may not be the' b"cause of your troubles, and you'll get better cooperation" b'and help if you assume that he is going to be helpful (most' b'are). it was amazing the accusations that we sometimes' b'dealt with as i grew up. we were blamed for skip (ghost' b'pictures on the tv that occur at sunspot peaks), c.b.' b'interferance, dead grass you name it.' b'' b'btw, the local operator should try and help you whether or' b'not he or she is directly responsible. it is part of' b'being a good neighbor and that is how the fcc views it.' b"too bad they don't require the consumer equipment makers" b'to take any precautions.' b'' b'last, you can usually tell ham radio vs. cb. ham operators are' b'required to declare their call (sign) every so many minutes (no more' b'than so if you hear "this is wa1qt" or some other call starting' b'with a, w or k and no more than total characters, you heard a ham.' b"cb'ers probably won't sign (i don't know that they're even required" b'to) and fire/police have other private ids.' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'snail: cambridge center, cambridge, ma b"disclaimer: i don't know if osf agrees with me... let's vote on it." b'amateur radio: kc1kj' 