b'' b'' b' hams can legally run up to watts. it is very unlikely, however,' b' that a ham would be running that kind of power from a car. ham rigs' b'' b"not possible either. you'd need about a amp alternator for" b'just the amplifier. i can just see it. you need to slow' b'down on a downgrade, so you hit the push to talk button.' b'' b'now, that indeed is possible. a good friend of mine is running about kw' b'pep from his car. yes, he does have a second alternator. yes, he calls' b'the rig an "electronic brake" since the engine noticeably slows when the' b'key is down.' b'' b"my car, unfortunately, has so much computer junk under the hood that it's" b'astonishingly sensitive to rfi. if i key a 2w ht over the engine with' b'the hood open, the car loses timing due to the rf leaking into the' b'distributor pickup. very poor design.' b'' b'i will, however, point out that ham radio operators are usually quite willing' b'to help when interference is detected. remember that any interference is' b"wasted power; if i put out 1w in the tv band, that's 1w that i am not putting" b'out in the band i am trying to transmit on, and 1w can often be the difference' b'between a nice card hanging on the wall, and nothing. cbers, however, are' b'usually not as helpful. most illegal cbers, however, will stop operation' b'when you inform them of a problem. the rest of them will stop operation when' b'you inform the local fcc office of the problem (in writing, and giving details' b'and addresses).' b'' b'last, you can usually tell ham radio vs. cb. ham operators are' b'required to declare their call (sign) every so many minutes (no more' b'than so if you hear "this is wa1qt" or some other call starting' b'with a, w or k and no more than total characters, you heard a ham.' b"cb'ers probably won't sign (i don't know that they're even required" b'to) and fire/police have other private ids.' b'' b'good advice. hams will frequently give their call, and will never use' b'a "handle." they are less apt to use immense amounts of profanity as well,' b"but that's not to say that they don't from time to time." b'--scott' 