b'' b'' b'---' b'' b'i was wondering, what copy protection techniques are avaliable, and how' b'effective are they? has anyone have any experience in this area?' b'' b' with highest regards,' b' babak sehari.' b'' b'\tuh oh...' b'\tumm, there are a number of copy protection schemes. some involve' b'modifying the physical media, and some involve encryption schemes, &c.' b'\tall of the ones that have existed over the course of computing have' b'been successful for a time. i recall, however, near monthly releases of new' b'ways to "crack" the copy protection scheme of the latest releases. the fact' b'is, none of them are completely secure, or anywhere near it. some are more or' b'less difficult to crack, and some have already been cracked.' b'\ti guess what i am saying is that your question is difficult, if not' b'impossible, to answer. what exactly do you want to know? do you need a good' b'one for a project you are working on? how secure must it be? are you trying' b'to crack one that someone else has used? i can probably make suggestions,' b'assuming the activity is strictly legal. (in general, it is a bad idea,' b'legally, to tamper with copy protection. it can also lead to corruption of' b'files which you necessarily do not have back ups of (being as they are copy' b'protected,) which can be devestating.) do you have absolutely no ideas for' b'practical applications, and are merely curious?' b"\tplease clear up those questions, and i'll try to help as much as i" b'can.' b'' b'\tincidentally, the "uh oh..." at the top is indicative of the dread' b'anyone who has watched their friends hacking equipment be carted off feels' b'when they are asked how to hack. the area you are broaching is wrought with' b'dangers, many of which include breaking the law, or at least addressing it' b'(from one side or the other.)' b'' b'matt' b'' b'i have written a program and i want to market it. i would like certain degree' b'of protection, since my main custmers are individuals and not the' b'cooperations. i know laser hole burning method, and hardware key method,' b'however, my software is going to cost only so i can not afford that.' b'also, at this low price i can not afford people make too many copy of my' b'software. well, i guess say upto illigal copying is ok by me.' b'' b'however, i do not want someone to get a copy of pctools and copy my software.' b'off course, i never meant to forbid the true hackers from copying, since they' b'can develope a better program anyway.' b'' b'with highest regards,' b'babak sehari.' b'' b'' b'--' 