b'' b"does anyone know what processor the atari used? what i'm looking for is th" b'e pin-outs for the atari the schematics for it it... does anyone have' b'any idea where i could find this or any related information? this is very impor' b'tant. also, are the rom chips that were used fo rthe games still available' b', or were they propreitary? please email me with any responces, as this is very' b' important.. thanks a million...' b'' b'btw- anyone who works/has worked for atari, i could really use your help with i' b'nfo on the old please email me if you are willing to help me.... thatnks' b'alot!!' b'' b'-peter' b'' b'the atari used a cpu, just like their entire 8-bit line' b'(400, 130xe, 65xe computers, as well as the b'game machine). the had some extra asic chips that were basically' b"modified graphics chips and pia's for the joysticks. later model b'might have incorporated many of the chips into one asci, as the weight' b'of the machines and part count decreased a lot over the years.' b'' b'additionally, i think the used 2k, 4k, and up to 8k of rom for' b'their games. i have no idea how much ram it had to work with, but i' b'would hazard a guess of or 4k ram. think comes from a lot of hacking' b'with the and 130xe computers. and occasionally hacking with the' b'2600 (fixing it for monitor composite video use, and audio hookups).' b'also i tryed to make a cartridge-less system that stored the rom into' b'a ram cartridge that could be loaded up at some prior time (a way to' b"backup cartridges). i've heard of a setup like this where games could" b'be bought (cheaply) on fsk-recorded tapes, then you would load them' b'into a special ram cartidge, and play them.' b'' b"anyways, if you're interested in looking for equipment, we've got" b'two machines around (one composite a/v modified), and lotsa' b'cartridges. willing to sell for reasonable offer shipping and' b"handling. don't play it anymore, since going to computers nintendo" b'(interested in that too?).' b'' b"hope that helps your question... i might grab some 6502's out too," b'since they must be fun to play with (as microcontrollers).' b'-shishin "squish" yamada' 