b'' b'' b'hello--' b'' b'i just bought a new portable cd player for the office, and i notice that' b'it proudly proclaims times oversampling" on the box. now while i think' b'i understand what oversampling is (the rate of discrete "samples"' b'exceeds the highest frequency component of interest by some factor),' b'i don\'t understand this times" business... it seems to me that when' b'i bought my first cd player (was it really years ago?!), the specs' b'said times" could someone please tell me whether i\'m getting' b"senile? if i'm not, then what good does it do for the player to take" b"samples at a higher rate? if i really wanted better fidelity, wouldn't" b'i have to have the same higher rate of sampling during the recording' b'process? furthermore, am i wrong in interpreting the sampling rate' b"(from the player's point of view) as being the same thing as the data" b'rate for the bit stream coming off the optical medium? does this mean' b'that the data rate (related to the rotational speed of the disk) has' b'changed since b'' b'[note: i just tried to figure this stuff out about a month ago myself, from' b'various people on the net, so i could be wrong.]' b'' b'the data is only ever read once (barring mistracks and such, of course),' b'and eventually gets turned into khz, bit, two channel data.' b'oversampling takes two discrete data points, and interpolates n-1 points' b'between them for n times oversampling. when i asked, people said that the' b'interpolation was not simply linear interpolation, but significantly more' b'complicated.' b'' b'anyway, then, the purpose of oversampling is to move the "effective"' b'sampling rate up to n times khz, in order to use higher frequency' b'antialiasing filters. for the same quality filter, higher oversampling' b'lets you build cheaper filters, whereas for the same price filter, higher' b'oversamplings lets you build better filters. so, assuming the quality of' b'all other components in a cd player remained the same, oversampling should' b'allow a manufacturer to produce _slightly_ better sound due to anti-alias' b'filtering.' b'' b'---joel kolstad' 