b'' b'' b"i'm no expert at ups's, but you said something that made it sound like" b"you didn't realize something. on a typical ups (well, on ours, anyway)," b'there is no switchover from ac to dc. all the protected equipment is' b'always running from the batteries (via an inverter), with the usual' b'condition of also having them on charge. if the power fails, big deal b'the computers never see it (until the batteries start to droop, but' b"there's something like car-sized batteries in that cabinet, so it" b'takes a while).' b'' b'if you were gonna run the guts on straight dc instead of an inverter,' b"why not do it all the time? then there'd be no switchover to screw" b'things up, and no having to sense the failure fast. just keep the dc' b"on charge when the power is on, and it'll be there in zero time when" b'you "need" it.' b'' b'' b"actually, it's a bit more complicated than that...i sounds to me," b'your ups takes in ac, rectifies it to dc to charge the batteries, and' b'then takes the battery dc and chops it to ac again, feeding your' b'equipment. this approach is the easiest and cleanest way to' b'switchover from the mains to battery once your power kicks out since,' b'as you mentioned, nothing will know about what happened down the line.' b'' b'another way to do the ups scheme is to use the mains until you' b"lose power, and then kick in the battery backup with it's inverter to" b'replace the lost power. the problem here is the switchover time and' b"you've got to resync the ac in no time flat." b"that's a standby unit not a ups, otherwise there would be no interuption." b"many standby units are labled as ups's though." b'' b'' b'unfortunately, most everything is built around the assumption that' b'ac is available, so the ups guys have to provide and ac output to' b'be usable...ya sorta have to make it work with what there already.' b'' b'similar story with our telephone system. it was first invented back' b"in the 1800's. we're still using the same damn system (media) as they" b'did back then. if i have a phone from back then, i can assure you' b"it'll work on today's phone system. it costs too much to overhaul" b'everyone to a new system, so they make it work with what is out there.' b'' b'.' 