b'' b'duane' b'\tyeesh, you will be nailing those irleds. may i suggest getting your' b'mitts on the siemens sfh484-2 irled? this unit is designed to take some big' b'current pulses if you can get your duty cycle down a bit. it will output' b'nearly a watt mw) with real short duty cycle times.' b'' b'(nice thing about the sfh484-2 is that it is cheap. i got mine for about' b'50 cents a piece, even though i had to buy of them....)' b'' b'are you saying that you have some extras that you would like to do some cost' b'recovery on? i may be interested. i think for practical and cost reasons i' b'am limited to envelope detection so that leaves me with only increasing the' b'output power and increasing the optical gain at the receiver as methods to' b'extend range.' b'' b'\tbtw, i have seen irleds with outputs up to watts...honest,' b"6 watts. i don't have the book here at work so i can't recall the company" b"name. the watter ain't cheap, around but if you want some power," b"mamamia, that's pretty hot. they also have a watt, a watt and a" b'1 watt device in their line, and will sell small quan. to individuals.' b'if you are interested, i can find the book at home and get the' b'pertinent info.' b'' b"yes i'm interested in the company name. i have access to an extensive data" b'book collection. with that kind of power, are we getting into an area where' b'eye safety is getting to be a problem.' b'' b'\tnow, as for the position detector, you might try eltec in florida.' b'phone number listed in the etid is they seem like' b'nice people. their specialty is passive infrared detection devices,' b'so they might be able to help you out.' b'' b'they are a long way from me but they might be a better source than i can find' b'around here.' b'' b"\ti'm curious about your applications if you don't mind saying." b"the device sounds like it could be useful in a lasertag game, although you'd" b'need to up your carrier signal concept to khz......' b'' b"i'm keeping my application confidential for now. raising the frequency should" b'be no problem, in fact one respondent to my question said that i may not have' b'to mimic the duty cycle normally used by ir detector chips.' b'' b'--' b'' b'(403) dre suffield, box medicine hat, ab, canada, t1a 8k6' 