b'' b'(kuo-sheng (kasey) chang) writes:' b'' b' there are several types of copy protection, and the point is to make' b'sure the' b' user is using a legitimate copy. the simplest and virtually fool-proof' b'way is' b' for the program to somehow fixate itself to the machine it was installed' b'on' b' (some sort of checksum, serial number, whatever) so a copy put on a' b'different' b' machine (not installed from original disks) will not work.' b'' b'' b'okay, so what do you do if some part of the machine (presumably the part' b'on which the code number or whatever that the program has fixated itself' b"upon goes bad, you replace that part, and now your program won't run" b'because it\'s on a "different" computer???' b'' b'this is, of course, assuming that the program uses something in rom (like' b'the bios serial number, maybe?) and not a disk-based code number.' b"obviously if the drive goes bad you'll be reinstalling the stuff anyway." b'' b'i work in a computer lab which is part of the university microlab system.' b'we have the wonderfully fun task of maintaining well over a hundred' b'machines, both pc and macintosh, as well as administering a network of' b'over next machines. i personally am concerned only with a small lab' b"with ten pc's and ten mac's. (i'm not the manager, but help him with" b'admin often). imho, copy-protection schemes of any sort are nothing more' b'than a major headache for the legitimate user. anyone who wants a copy of' b"your program and doesn't care about legality will get a copy. period." b'"pirate board" or no pirate board. i too have "friends" who blatantly and' b'quite successfuly "hack" copy protection schemes practically in their' b'sleep.' b'' b"let's consider what goes on in our lab. almost daily we have at least one" b'machine down, sometimes several, due to some goofball screwing up some' b'setting or other on a piece of software. admittedly, we (being students,' b"mostly) are not the world's most efficient and effective network" b'administrators, but we try. keeping even the twenty machines that are' b'(partly) my responsibility even vaguely looking and "acting" similar to' b'the average user, and maintaining "behind-the-scenes" consistency is a' b'real headache, but not so bad a headache as trying to remember twenty' b'different folder locations of norton utilities when some guy trashes his' b'disk.' b'' b'often we have hardware problems at peak "business" times and have to do' b'some parts-swapping to get stuff working temporarily. b'' b"well, i'll cut to the chase and quit boring y'all b'' b'the point is, often we have to re-install software and copy configuration' b'files etc. from machine to machine. by far the easiest way we have found' b'to do this is to get one machine working exactly the way we want to, then' b'copy the complete setup of this machine to the other nine (of that' b"machine's type). this ensures us that (for at least ten minutes) we have" b'ten identical machines to work with. having them networked simplifies' b'this considerably, as our major packages (wordperfect, windows, etc.) are' b'all network versions and thus only one copy to mess with.' b'' b'often, however, we need to install a package requested by some instructor' b'to one, some, or all of the machines for a special project. this is' b'usually a hand-written or shareware,etc. program similar to what i believe' b'the original poster was asking about. the few we have had with "copy' b'protection" schemes have caused nothing but nightmares for us to maintain' b'. b'' b"in short, don't waste your time with a copy protection scheme. it's sort" b'of like outlawing guns. the criminals will get your program anyway, and' b"you will only be hurting the legitimate, honest user. write a good user's" b'guide and tech manual, whatever else for your program (please do this' b'regardless of whether you copy protect the thing!!!), and only distribute' b'the manual to licensed users. jack the price to cut your losses, but' b'please take a cue from the major companies (who can admittedly afford the' b"costs of illegal copies far better than you) and don't burden the" b'legitimate user with a "copy protection" scheme!' b'' b'' b"sorry for the tirade, but it's been a long day here b'' b'' b'mark s. underwood' b'ee student, university of kentucky' b'lab assistant, boyd hall microlab' b'(a tiny little division of uk library microlabs)' b'' b'' b'' b'' b' the program is definitely backupable, if restored to the same machine' b'(depends' b" on the programmer... don't use a disk drive characteristic!) if the" b'user' b' did an upgrade to the machine, he/she should reinstall all programs any' b'way.' b' no document look-up, no disk wear-and-tear!' b'' b' i did not say that the originals would allow only one install. the' b"user's" b' conscience should do that.' b'' b" i know, i'll get flamed for this... but with the increasing number of" b'"casual"' b" users who either unknowingly or don't care about the software copyrights" b' (it\'s the truth. i have "friends" who ask me for copies of my latest' b'games' b' all the time, and when i refused, they went after somebody else.),' b'casual' b' pirating is becoming more of a problem. some sort of copy protection' b'will' b' discourage the casual copying. i\'ve seen what some of my "friends" dug' b'up' b' somewhere... latest and the greatest games, all cracked, within days of' b'actual' b' release! you know how many bytes you need to change in x-wing to' b'disable' b" the quiz? two! yes, two! (and don't ask me which ones they are.)" b'determined' b' pirates are unstoppable, given enough time, but their results do not' b'spread' b' that far, since pirate boards are not that well-known, and easily' b'tracked once' b' found by authorities. it is the "casual" pirates that the copy' b'protection is' b' determined to discourage.' b'' b' what i believe the companies should do is implement the above plus' b' a special patch once the user registers that loudly exclaims upon bootup' b' "registered to xxxxx address, city, state zip" and disables the' b'above.' b' two benefits: encourages registration, cuts down on pirating and' b" makes it more traceable, because if the patch's registration message is" b' encrypted, it will be quite hard to change, and therefore provides a' b' stable trail of who allowed their copy out of their hands, and thus' b' violated their license agreement.' b'' b' this way, the legitimate users who does not register will experience' b'minimal' b' discomfort (who does major upgrades to their computer frequently?) as' b'only' b" problem they have is they won't be able to restore to another computer." b'' b' the registered users would have proven they are legitmate users and' b'therefore' b' gains full rights, and can restore to different machines. on the other' b'hand,' b' the software company now have a record of where this particular copy is' b" supposed to be. if this user's copy was found to be somewhere it was" b'not' b' supposed to be, we know who has broken their license agreement. of' b'course,' b" a hacker can break that eventually, but that's not the point, is it?" b'' b' --kasey chang' 