b'' b'' b'the atari used a cpu, just like their entire 8-bit line' b'(400, 130xe, 65xe computers, as well as the b'game machine).' b'' b'wrong, it has a b'' b'for those who would like to know, the was a without irq or nmi,' b'and with only address lines (giving 8k memory space).' b'' b'it had one custome chip (not an asic in the sense that word is now understood):' b'the tia (sometimes known as the although most other manufacturers list' b'that as the cia complex interface adapter.) tia stands for television' b'interface adapter, and it handles sound, paddles and the minimal video hardware' b'the possessed.' b'' b"didn't know about it being called the thats the cia found in the" b"commodore (i don't believe this chip existed when the was around)." b'the tia was mapped into the bottom bytes of page and shadowed in the' b'bottom bytes of page to get an image on the screen, you had to wait' b'until the raster line your picture started at, load bitmaps for this line' b"into the 'sprite' registers, tell them what x positions to take, how many" b'duplicates you wanted, etc, then do it all again for the next line. this' b"took all of the processor's time during the visible portion of the" b'display.' b'' b'there was also a standard ram, i/o, timer (riot), plus a voltage' b"regulator and (if memory serves) a timer. that's all." b'' b'the ram was mapped into the top bytes of page and shadowed in page' b'1. the has a zero-page addressing mode on most instructions that is' b'both shorter and faster than the normal ones, so it is important on a' b'machine like this to have the scratchpad ram in page unfortunately, it' b'also wants its stack to be in page (the stack pointer is bits, and the' b'high byte of the address is hardwired to b'' b'the iot section was mapped into page somewhere. bit i/o registers' b"(can't remember if each bit could be independantly set to i or o like the" b'6522 and and bit timer with a programmable prescaler (i' b'think this was some power of there were no interrupts in the system, so' b'many games would set up the timer at some known time, go away and do' b'something else for a while, then sit and wait for the timer to run down.' b'' b'there was no logic in the box to do address decoding the riot had at' b'least chip select pins (probably one active high, one active low), and i' b'imagine the tia was much the same. various address lines were fed directly' b'to chip selects. the likes to have rom right at the top of memory, so' b'the had to use roms with active high chip selects not exactly' b'normal, so some cartriges had a in them to convert this to the more' b'usual active low chip select.' b'' b'john west' 