b'' b'wrong, it has a b'' b'for those who would like to know, the was a without irq or nmi,' b'and with only address lines (giving 8k memory space).' b'' b'yes, but still not a for those differences. same instruction set,' b'of course.' b'' b'it had one custom chip (not an asic in the sense that word is now understood):' b'the tia (sometimes known as the although most other manufacturers list' b'that as the cia complex interface adapter.) tia stands for television' b'interface adapter, and it handles sound, paddles and the minimal video hardware' b'the possessed.' b'' b"didn't know about it being called the thats the cia found in the" b"commodore (i don't believe this chip existed when the was around)." b'' b'yes, the same number, but an entirely different device. i should have' b'qualified this further by stating that this was the pal version of the tia b'i am not sure that the ntsc tia would have a different number.' b'' b'the tia was mapped into the bottom bytes of page and shadowed in the' b'bottom bytes of page to get an image on the screen, you had to wait' b'until the raster line your picture started at, load bitmaps for this line' b"into the 'sprite' registers, tell them what x positions to take, how many" b'duplicates you wanted, etc, then do it all again for the next line. this' b"took all of the processor's time during the visible portion of the" b'display.' b'' b'does anyone on the net actually have details of the tia, as this is the only' b'device i have not yet discovered details about? atari australia, when asked,' b'claimed that their attempts to get the programmers documentation for the b'had failed, as the us head office had refused to provide it.' b'' b'to chip selects. the likes to have rom right at the top of memory, so' b'the had to use roms with active high chip selects not exactly' b'normal, so some cartriges had a in them to convert this to the more' b'usual active low chip select.' b'' b"i saw a couple of cheaper devices with pn2222's and a couple of resistors" b'hooked up as a cheap inverter. nasty, but workable, and cheaper than a' b'7404 inverter if labor costs almost nothing.' b'' b'ian.' 