b'' b'' b' one not-so-quick question to throw out there for you guys...' b'' b' for our class project, we need to design and build a power supply' b' to the following specs:' b'' b' voltatge: adjustable from 1-12v' b' current: *limited* at 1a' b'' b' voltage must stay within of designated value for i from 0-1a' b' ac ripple less than mv (rms)' b'' b" of course, we can't just use an adjustable voltage, current-limiting" b' regulator chip b'' b" our problem is with the current limiting (i.e. we've found stuff to" b' do the rest of the parts of the circuit). what the supply must do,' b' if presented with a load which would draw more than 1a, given the' b' supply voltage, is reduce the voltage so that the current will equal' b' one amp. thus, if we were to short the thing with the ammeter, we' b' should read one amp. if we measure the current through a ohm' b' resistor at 12v, we should read one amp (and the output voltage, by' b' necessity, must be 1v.' b'' b' the only basic idea we have seen for the current limiter involves' b' a circuit which will pull current off of the base of the output' b' power transistor, and therefore reduce the output.' b'' b' so, does anybody have any ideas we could work from?' b'' b' thanks in advance.' b'' b' andy collins, kc6yey' b'' b' ps: if anybody wants to flame this as a stupid project, i agree fully,' b' but i still have to do it, its graded b'' b'' b'you can design for ramp shutoff, brick-wall current limit or even' b'fold-back cutoff....sounds like you want "brick-wall" current limit.' b'' b'your lead is correct to pull down the bias to the series regulator base' b'drive. in order to get the brick -wall, you need enough voltage gain on' b'the current sensor. normally a darlington on the current sensing' b'resistor will be adequate, but for infinite gain.. use an op amp to sense' b'the current releative to a stable voltage reference and use a driver to' b'turn off the base bias on the series-pass transistor. phase compensation' b'may be necessary with this closed loop control system if yopu have more' b'than degrees phase shift in your feedabck circuit at unity gain ok??' b'' b'the inquiring mind bbs, winnipeg, manitoba 