b'' b'milliron) says:' b'' b' a possibility for the software registration conondrum would be to have the' b'distributor register the copy when the software was sold. the clerk sticks it' b'' b"that's kind of extra work that one cannot expect the store people to do." b'imho it would be easier if companies sell their software as cheaply as' b'possible and to sell the customers detail manuals (for the brain-deads)' b', quick reference books, how to do books and videos, paid support hot line' b'(1-900 for the registered purchasers, these can be part of their package.' b'i have seen many books to teach people how to use dos, wp and other software. i' b"i suspect either users can't read the manuals or they don't have manuals." b'either way, there is to be made. btw books are quite a bit more' b'expensive to reproduce than a disk.' b'' b"what is the problem with parallel port security keys? i haven't used anything" b"that had hardware key copy protection schemes, so i don't know what the" b"drawbacks are. i know the companies that make them claim they're uncrackable," b'' b'with the popularity of multitasking and pseudo multitasking systems' b'(eg. os0.5, windoze, mack system it is pretty easy to run a debugger' b'and figure out the protection schemes by disassembling/tracing/trapping' b'the application during run time. schemes like compressed software/' b'special loaders would be easy pray even to beginner hackers.' b'' b'hardware keys (unless well designed and *totally* transparent) is a' b'pain in the b*t. we having using a piece of software under windoze' b'that uses a hardware key. the key interfers with the printer stuff' b'with other programs and often has to be unplugged for those software' b'to work properly.' b'' b"but i've seen cracks of autodesk 3d-studio floating around (i don't have one" b"so don't ask) and i had heard that it had parralel port keys." b'' b'all the hacker has to do is to remove/modify code that communicate with' b'the port.' b'' b'-my apologies if i rambled, but vi inhibits my communication skills greatly.' b'' b'k. c. lee' b'elec. eng. grad. student' b'os0.5, windoze, mack are not trademarked...' 