b'' b'' b'i thought the first thread was hilarious, so here goes another post.' b'' b'some more background information on what has happened to my poor batteries.' b'' b'one year, i left the batteries in the garage. the garage is unheated.' b'they were left in their places that they needed to be. one in the riding' b'lawnmower (what a lux) and one in each motorcycle. the battery in the' b'riding lawnmower was about years old, and one of the cycle batteries' b'was new, and one was around years old. upon spring time, i discovered' b'that all of the batteries were dead, and needed to be recharged. they all' b'worked properly, except for the older ones, and they had to be replaced' b'about halfway through the summer. (they had originally been stored' b'in the garage, and i think i remember my dad charging them in spring)' b'last year, i decided to bring them in to the basement, which has two parts.' b'one is dirt and brick, and the other is concrete. i brought in all three, and' b'discovered in the spring, (about days ago) that not only were the batteries' b'dead, but when i put the charger on them, the charger said "hmmmmmmmm" and' b'the amp-meter read around (in other words, it was pinned)' b'the internal circut tripped, and i went on to the other batteries. they' b'were the same.' b'realizing that we still had gigantic sailboat batteries, also lead' b'acid, i decided to put the charger on them. (these had been sitting for around and a half years, on the brick and dirt part) and noticed that they only' b'needed a small charge, around hours or so on trickle. i tested them' b'by using them at the local gas station for giving jump starts, and they' b"worked fine for around of 'em." b'this leads me to believe one of several things.' b'1) i bought really #$%tty batteries last year. (sorta true)' b'2) the concrete has something to do with the discharge of the' b'batteries.' b'3) there was enough moisture to short out the terminals in the' b'room where the concrete is,' b'4) the dirt room was able to absorb the moisture in the air' b'better than concrete.' b'' b'(btw, i can almost waterski in the dirt room)' b'' b'any other ideas?' b'*could be the aliens, anything is possible.*' b'' 