b'' b'the atari used a cpu, just like their entire 8-bit line' b'(400, 130xe, 65xe computers, as well as the b'game machine).' b'' b'wrong, it has a b'' b"sorry ian, i haven't toyed with it in several years. i haven't seen" b'the insides in quite a few years. i just saw the post lagging for' b"quite a few days, and thought i'd toss in my i assume the b'was functionally similar to the (was it also made by mos' b'technologies?). i really am more versed in the based) atari' b'computers. the came later on.' b'' b'' b'the had some extra asic chips that were basically' b"modified graphics chips and pia's for the joysticks." b'' b'it had one custome chip (not an asic in the sense that word is now understood):' b'the tia (sometimes known as the although most other manufacturers list' b'that as the cia complex interface adapter.) tia stands for television' b'interface adapter, and it handles sound, paddles and the minimal video hardware' b'the possessed.' b'' b'in the atari computers, the "cia" chip you refer to sounds an awful' b'lot like the ctia (color television interface adapter) chip used in' b'the early models. later atari upgraded this to the gtia (graphics' b'...). other colorful literature stated that the gtia might have stood' b'for "george," the developer of the chip.' b'' b'' b'there was also a standard ram, i/o, timer (riot), plus a voltage' b"regulator and (if memory serves) a timer. that's all." b'' b'later model b'might have incorporated many of the chips into one asci, as the weight' b'of the machines and part count decreased a lot over the years.' b'' b'not according to the servicing documentation i have here. the did not' b'change intenally very much at all.' b'' b'funny, i had an old and new model. the old one was significantly heavier.' b'' b'additionally, i think the used 2k, 4k, and up to 8k of rom for' b'their games.' b'' b"roms were mapped into the upper 4k of the 6507's address space. 2k and 4k" b'games were fine, but later 8k and 16k games needed bank switching. atari' b'(and others) made much of these "huge" cartridges.' b'' b'i have no idea how much ram it had to work with, but i' b'would hazard a guess of or 4k ram.' b'' b'sorry, i am way out of line here. my first microcontroller i built was' b'a mc68701 based chipset with bytes onboard. that was not easy to' b'work with (in addtion to a small 2k on-board eprom).' b'' b'wrong, it had bytes of ram from the riot. this was multiply mapped into' b'both page (pseudo-registers) and page (stack), and also throughout the' b'bottom 4k of memory. tia registers also sat in this address space.' b'' b'as bytes of ram was somewhat limiting, some later cartridges also carried' b'ram themselves, which was interesting as atari had provided no write line' b'to the cart. this was managed by mapping the reads from ram into one address' b'range, and the writes into another, but all the time this scheme ate into' b'the *very* scarce rom address space.' b'' b'\t\t\t\t\t\t\tian.' b'' b'' 