b'' b'just thought i would add to deskjet thread. i got my' b'first one in college about or so years ago.' b'' b"i've been a happy hp user of the deskwriter for macintosh for" b'past years. i got one just a few months after their release. and i' b"got software revision 1.0a (now i'm up to rev. our family (sister" b"and father) have each purchased their own dw's after seeing mine go" b"for one year unscathed (their stuck to their trusty imagewriter ii's)." b'the original dw has gone for years at moderate personal use. i would' b'say that it has gone through at least sheets, and around one' b'(small) ink cartridge every months or so.' b'' b"my brother might take this dw now (i'm probably gonna give it" b'to him), and i am looking to upgrade to a color dw. the chief' b"advantages/disadvantages i've found over the years are:" b'' b"advantages:\tquick ppm), quiet (roomate can sleep while it's" b"printing), appletalk networkable (unfortunately the original wasn't," b'so look out if you buy used. i rewired our home with phonenet' b"appletalk connectors, and while home, we can all use my dad's one" b"dw!), and cheap (now run btw, you can upgrade older dw's to" b'color or for appletalk, i dunno if hp still does the upgrades, but i' b"received many offers (i just didn't ned it however). also, crisp" b'laser-quality output is a wonder (used to really impress those' b'imagewriter dot-matrix people so much so, that i had to charge b'per sheet to stop my college dorm neighbors from bothering me at all' b'hours of the night....)' b'' b"disadvantages.\tink used to be hard to find, and wasn't cheap, and" b"wasn't originally water-proof. while hp has done wonders with the ink" b"(i dunno if it's still toxic), it is still subjet to smearing and" b'running (if you run around in the damp boston rain, and get your' b'bookbag completely soaked). ink now runs about for small carts' b"(i get mine from elek-tek in chicago, i think they're now down to" b"$12). the ink carts used to say they're dated for only months, but" b"i don't think they say so anymore. we stick to a month supply (of" b'about carts). we use cheap hammerhill laser print paper (after' b'fooling for a long time. laser/xerox paper is also good). smearing' b"doesn't happen, unless you have a brand new ink cart and you grab the" b'paper and smudge it all over as soon as it comes out of the machine.' b'other disadvantages are no postscript (this can be an advantage in' b'speed, usually). ways around this are ghostscript or freedom of press' b'software solutions. i bet hp probably has a ps prototype inkjet, but' b"they won't release it for fear of hurting lj sales." b'' b'in the end, the primary advantages of laser are true postscript' b'(unless you go for cheap lasers), and fused toner (no smearing, even' b'when soaking in water). lasers are slightly sharper, but the only' b'instance where i needed precise layouts was printed circuit board' b'transparencies for photoetching. i found a textronix color phaser' b'postscript (thermal wax transfer) to work the best to make pcb' b'negatives directly onto a transparency.' b'' b'well, hope my babbling has helped.' b'' 