b'' b'' b'' b' where can i buy blinking leds besides radio shack?' b'' b'' b' does anyone sell blinking leds with variable flash rate? (by voltage' b' i guess) if so, what hertz (pulse) rate are they adjustable or set to?' b'' b" i'd like blinking leds that can be set for approx hz, hz," b" hz, or hz. something like that... i'm interested in what's" b' out there for flash rates. i like the idea of leds with flasher' b' circuits already in them. i hate soldering ics in general. guess i' b" don't have a hell of a lot of patience." b'' b'' b' thanks,' b'' b' dana' b'' b'if you want slow led flash rates, adjustable by switches (or by a' b'4066/4016 digitally controlled switch), i suggest looking at a b'oscillator chip. they cost at radio shack (much cheaper in' b'quantity at quality places), and you will be able to find good info' b'about simple circuits in a oscialltor notebook (i think forest' b"mims has one at radio shack). you'll have to toy with" b'resistor/capacitor values or you can use your head with a little math' b'to get the right frequencies. any engineer worth his salt, can make a' b"555 osciallator... it's in the book, and left up to you to see (i hate" b'doing ascii circuit graphics). the can accurately go from a few hz' b'to about khz (i think).' b'' b'about the tape recorder gizmo, you could alter a stereo tape deck to' b'use one channel as a data line (for flashing led), and one as audio' b'line (for voice or music). this would eliminate a lot of noise.' b'' b'the data line is probably most easily done' b'by some kind of pll or bandpass filter (using just an op-amp). the b'chip is a good pll, and not hard to work with. however if you nothing' b"about how a pll works, i suggest you don't try this. op-amp" b'information can also be found in the forest mims radio shack' b'info-booklets, and the popular op-amp is a snap to work with.' b'setting frequency and bandpass filter values are not so easy, so i' b'would suggest the method firstmost... i have no idea what this is' b'going into, so i am really generalizing...' b'' b"as for manufacturing techniques, if you're only goofing with it, i" b'suggest you breadboard the thing... no need to solder. wire-wrap would' b'be the next, more permanent step. and lastly, soldering/pcb making.' b'hope that clears things......' b'' b'' 