b'' b'there is a cartridge capping upgrade for older deskjet printers' b'available from hewlett-packard. older original deskjet and' b'possibly deskjet units may have a black plastic slide with' b'rubber capping components in the cartrige parking area on the right' b'side (viewed from front) of the printer. newer printers have a' b'gray or white plastic slide. the black plastic slide can allow' b'your cartridge to dry out. there was and may still be information' b'packaged with ink cartridges explaining the situation. hp placed a' b'coupon for a free upgrade kit to modernize old deskjets to the new' b'capping mechanism. i did this on my printer and did indeed find' b'that the cartidges now last longer.' b'' b"i don't have the information handy. i suggest contacting your" b'nearest hp service center for information on obtaining the kit.' b'' b'hp has upgrade kits that consist of electronics and mechanical' b'components that vary depending on the starting level printer and' b'the level to which you wish to upgrade. i upgraded my original' b'desket to a dekjet the kit was fairly expensive. you are' b'likely better off selling your old printer and purchasing a new' b'deskjet now that prices have declined so much. upgrading an' b'original deskjet to requires a fair amount of skill, but no' b'soldering. upgrading a deskjet plus to a is involves swapping' b'the processor card and changing a few minor parts. contact your hp' b'service center for further information.' b'' b'the pcl language used by deskjets is considerably different from' b'the pcl used by laser printers, especially the newer laser' b'printers. the biggest problem is dumb laser drivers that send a' b'raster end command after each scan line. this makes no material' b'difference for lasers, but causes the deskjet to print the' b'accumulated raster. as you might guess, the result is hideously' b'slow printing. the new dos wordperfect print deskjet drivers are' b'still guilty of this particular behavior. from the way wordperfect' b'works, this would not be easy to change. windows wordperfect works' b"efficiently unless you use the dos drivers instead of windows'." b'' b'the pcl4 dialect used in the laserjet iiip allows compression that' b'permits a full page dpi image to be rendered with only one' b'megabyte of memory. an uncompressed image could be as large as' b'about kbytes, but the printer needs about 300k of memory for' b'its internal house-keeping. laserjet iv models support banded' b'printing that allows incrmental download of the image with' b'compression in limited memory situations. deskjet downloadable' b'fonts are not compatible with laserjet fonts.' b'' b'a single page from a laserjet only requires about seconds. this' b'is faster than any but the most trivial printing from a deskjet' b'printer. the presumption, of course, being that the laser printer' b'has completed its warm-up cyle.' b'' b'until ink chemistry is changed, wicking resulting in image' b"deterioration is unavoidable. i won't use the word impossible, but" b'matching laser quality output from a deskjet printer is unlikely.' b'chosing an appropriate paper type helps, but does not eliminate the' b'problem.' b'' b'laser printers are more wastful of energy and consumable' b'components. hp does accept return of spent toner cartridges,' b'mitigating the material waste problem to a degree. energy waste' b'could use more work. warm-up times have decreased, allowing' b'stand-by current consumption to be significantly reduced in the' b'laserjet iv.' b'' b'kyocera produces a laser print engine that employs an amorphous' b'silicon imaging drum with a replacable toner system. the image' b'drum is good for approximately 100k copies. it is a very nice' b'print engine. i wish hp used the kyocera engine. kyocera also has' b'a neat modular paper source and stacker system.' b'' b'the recommended duty cycle for a deskjet is significantly lower' b"than any of hp's laser printers. the pick-up pressure rollers are" b'subject to wear and i case confirm eventually do wear out. the' b'usual symptom is that the printer becomes reluctant to feed paper.' b'the paper feed is integrated in a transport mechanism that is a' b'single part from hp service. replacement cost for the transport is' b'almost the feed rollers are not separately replacable,' b'though it would not be a difficult job for a competent technician.' b'i have disassembled and reassembled the transport on my own printer.' b'' b'it depends upon the application which printer is best for you. if' b'you only print or pages a day and are satisfied with the' b'appearance of output, the deskjet is a very good choice. as noted,' b'the deskjet is my choice for personal use.' b'' b'' b'--' b'bill mayhew neoucom computer services department' b'rootstown, oh usa phone: 