b'' b'kalki dasa writes:' b'' b'these topics are all discussed in the vedas. in fact, the original' b'knowledge of all these topics comes from the vedas. therefore, they are' b'not "newage" at all. they are rather old by any standards. nor is the' b'popularity they are currently experiencing something new. one would' b'think that the vedas would be very popular among "newagers," since all' b'the things you mention above are thoroughly described in them.' b'' b"isn't that interesting?! in the jewish tradition you are incredibly" b'wrong! they originate in the torah and with jewish ancestors,' b'specifically the patriarch abraham (z"l). that knowledge was sent east' b'to india and china when abraham gave "gifts" (the commentators to jewish' b'scripture say this was the knowledge of the occult arts) to all the rest' b'of his children when he sent them away to the east. this assured that' b'isaac only, who remained with abraham, would inherit his most important' b'spiritual gifts, what eventually became judaism.' b'' b'so you see, other religions can have very parochial views too. by the' b'jewish view, you are very mistaken, your scripture are not scripture,' b'your gods are not gods, your practices a jumble of errors that lead' b"people to idol worship and away from god. that doesn't stop us from" b'respecting you to the extent of not trying to convert you or proselytize' b"you and being willing to dialog in a respectful manner. we're content" b'to let you live the way you care to live as long as you leave us be. we' b'are happy to co-exist as long as you give us the same right.' b'' b'but your incredible rudeness and violent nature seems to preclude that.' b'too bad. is this typical of your religion?' b'' b'however, there is one difference between the "newage" practitioner and' b'the actual follower of the vedic teachings: the typical "newager"' b'desires to acquire all the material powers and opulences mentioned in' b'the vedas, without referring to their source, the lord. he wants the' b'kingdom of god without god. he wants personal power without the' b'responsibility of acknowledging its source, without the person from whom' b'that power comes. in other words, he is just plain selfish.' b'' b'you are a most presumptuous fellow! how dare you presume that the' b'"typical" new ager doesn\'t acknowledge god and is selfish. what trite,' b'self-righteous, ego-ful garbage! there are buddhists, christians, jews,' b'and those of many other religions here on this newsgroups for whom your' b'words are simple slander.' b'' b' ...the vedic' b'follower, on the other hand, knows that no matter what one desires, one' b'must worship god. and the vedas give a complete description of exactly' b'who is god, so that there can be no mistake in his identification. for' b'this reason the parts of the vedas that deal directly with the' b'personality of godhead are not very popular among "newagers," and anyone' b'who presents the complete vedas as they are is branded as an' b'"evangelist" (as if there is something wrong with that) even though he' b'is simply presenting the unadulterated vedic teachings.' b'' b"of course, from the jewish perspective you are incredibly wrong. we'd" b'say that there is no "godhead" just created beings who may be' b'enjoying a good laugh at your expense.' b'' b'a thief takes from others and says "this is mine." a "newager" takes' b'from god and says "this is mine." such a false mystic must be careful to' b'avoid coming in contact with the real owner of the things he has stolen.' b'consequently, he invents an explanation for these things that' b'conveniently omits the identity of their owner, the lord. in other' b'words, he lies about where he got them.' b'' b'so not only are we selfish, we are also thieves and liars! and you' b'expect any of us to pay attention to you and your "religion?" why not' b"call us more name? maybe then we'll all convert in gratefullness!" b'' b'however, the lord is very merciful, and he sends his servants to remind' b'the "newager" of his own identity as spirit soul, the eternal servant of' b'god. hence, although unwanted, the "evangelist" continues to broadcast' b'the complete truth.' b'' b'you delude yourself.' b'' b'--' b'len moskowitz' 