b'' b'zoroastrianism' b'san jose, ca, usa' b'monday april b'san jose mercury news, page b'[reproduced without permission]' b'' b'_3,700-year tradition still glows b"'assimilation in u.s. threatens ancient zoroastrian religion'_" b'' b'by jeanne huber, mercury news staff writer' b'' b'high on a hillside above san jose, flames leap up hours a day from a' b'gleaming brass urn in a temple one of only four in the united states b"dedicated to one of the world's most ancient religions." b'' b'with the flames go the prayers of about bay area zoroastrians that' b'their faith will survive this land.' b'' b'"there is a fear a real fear, too," said silloo tarapore of lafayette.' b'"we have one generation to do it or to die."' b'' b'many immigrant groups struggle to maintain an identity in a strange land.' b'but for zoroastrians, it is an especially poignant concern.' b'' b'their religion has been around for perhaps years, a heritage so deep' b'it scarcely seems comprehensible in a state where "historical sites" are' b'sometimes less than years old. it was the religion of the great persian' b'empire under kings cyrus and darius. and tradition says that when christ' b'was born about years later, he was honored by a visit from three' b'zoroastrian priests, the magi. scholars say many key beliefs of christians,' b'jews and muslims can be traced to the teachings of zoroaster, the' b'zoroastrian prophet.' b'' b'yet, with only about zoroastrians in the entire world, they are' b'a miniscule minority in every country in which they live. survival as a' b'people is very much on their minds.' b'' b'ironically, local zoroastrians fear that the almost unlimited tolerance' b'of the united states may do what hundreds of years of persecution followed' b'by nearly years of benign religious segregation could not do: cause' b'their young people to stop thinking of themselves as zoroastrians.' b'' b'zoroastrians do not believe theirs is the only right religion, and they' b'actually shun the notion of trying to win converts. so if their children' b"become totally assimilated, they say, it's their children rather than" b'the world at large who will be the losers.' b'' b'"it\'s important to have an identity," said maneck bhujwaia of san jose,' b'a leader among zoroastrians who came here from india. "it\'s important' b'for everybody irish, scottish, americans. it gives meaning to life.' b"you don't have to depend on the majority community to give you respect." b'you can fall back on your own identity."' b'' b"for zoroastrians, there's much to be proud of." b'' b'their prophet, zoroaster, seeking to make sense of a culture in which' b'animal sacrifice to multiple gods was common, preached that there was' b'only one god, a good one. zoroastrians call their god ahura mazda, which' b'translates as lord of wisdom and light.' b'' b'_good vs. evil_' b'' b'zoroaster saw life as a constant struggle between good and evil, with' b'the good eventually winning. men and women could join in the battle for' b'good, he said, and he warned that they would inevitably suffer consequences' b'such as shame and sorrow if they did wrong. he preached honesty, charity,' b'kindness to animals, respect for the environment, hard work, equality of' b'men and women basic virtues preached by prophets of many religions.' b'' b'but zoroaster was perhaps unusual in that he told his followers not to' b'follow him blindly. he demanded they think for themselves. in fact,' b'joseph campbell, the famous scholar of the history and meaning of myths,' b'traced the western emphasis on individual thought to the zoroastrians.' b'' b'zoroastrians have many words for thought. their motto, leaded into a' b'stained glass window over the sacred fire at the temple on the slopes of' b'mount hamilton, is "good thoughts, good words, good deeds."' b'' b"so it's not surprising that zoroastrians value education highly. in india," b'where a contingent of zoroastrians arrived in the ninth century to escape' b'persecution by muslims in iran, zoroastrians claim percent literacy;' b'the overall statistic in india is just percent.' b'' b'about half of the bay area zoroastrian community came here from india' b'and pakistan, mostly to study at universities. the other half fled from' b'iran after the revolution made that a fundamentalist islamic state' b'where others had no rights.' b'' b'local zoroastrians point with pride to ways their emphasis on "good' b'deeds" has improved life in every country they inhabit. in san jose,' b'the recent restoration of the hotel sainte clarie came about because' b'manou mobedshahi, a san francisco-based hotelier, passed the boarded-up' b"downtown landmark on his way to and from the temple. at the temple's" b'dedication, the chief guest of honor was the mother of zubin mehta, the' b'zoroastrian conductor of the new york philharmonic orchestra.' b'' b'the temple exists because of another good deed: the decision by an' b'iranian emigre, the late arbab rustom guiv, to buy land for six temples' b'in north america. besides the 10-acre site off crothers road on mount' b'hamilton, he paid for land in los angeles, chicago, new york, toronto,' b'and vancouver. until his gifts, there were no zoroastrian temples on' b'this continent.' b'' b'local zoroastrians raised money to build the actual temple, and the' b'property already had a large house that they have converted to a' b'community center.' b'' b'the temple, dedicated a year ago on the birthday of the prophet' b'zoroaster, is a simple structure with gleaming white walls, vaulted' b'ceilings and oak floors, partially covered with huge oriental carpets.' b'' b'its central feature is the fire, set in the middle of a partly-glassed-' b'in area at the center of the building. although zoroastrians are' b'sometimes called "fire worshippers," they actually consider fire just' b'a symbol of god. "it helps us concentrate, just like christians use the' b'cross and muslims use the holy book," bhujwala said.' b'' b'the biggest celebration of the years occurs in early spring. for all' b'iranians, including zoroastrians, the new year begins on the first day of' b'the season because of its symbolism as the start of new life. with' b"zoroaster's birthday just six days later, the combination of religious" b'and secular holidays creates something on par with what most of the' b'united states celebrates between christmas and jan. b'' b"for this year's celebration of the prophet's birthday, about people" b'came to worship and revel.' b'' b'"the good things in life are not forbidden," esfandiar anoushiravani,' b'a leader of the iranian members, had said beforehand, and what followed' b'proved him right.' b'' b'inside the temple, worshipers filled every chair and sat or stood' b'around the edges of the room as about a half-dozen priests chanted' b'thanksgiving prayers around a table laden with braziers of smoking' b'sandalwood, glasses of milk and water, and a tray heaped with dried fruit' b'and nuts.' b'' b'kids crowded around, grabbing handfuls of the treats. "people eat the' b'fruit," tarapore said. "it\'s a way to participate in the ceremony."' b'' b'_santa claus, sort of_' b'' b'the gathering even had a santa claus, iranian style. with flowing white' b'hair and a bag of gifts for the children, this amownaroz wore green' b'symbolic of spring) and red.' b'' b'he was ushed in by a sort of spring clown, hajefyrouz, who danced and' b'played a tambourine.' b'' b'the zoroastrians from india were charmed. "this is all new for us, too,"' b'one told a visitor who asked what was going on.' b'' b'a visitor, john a. sabanovich of folsom, said he became intrigued with' b'the religion years ago while on business trips to iran. zoroastrians have' b'no procedure for accepting converts a result, some say, of their' b'centuries of persecution in iran followed by their promise to the hindu' b'king who allowed them into india that they would not interfere with his' b"people's religion." b'' b'but that does not stop sabavich from joining in the celebrations at the' b'san jose temple whenever he can.' b'' b'"when i first heard about this religion," he said, "i thought, my god,' b'this is what a religion should be. they think for themselves and do good.' b'' b'"people who don\'t have a tradition, something to lean on, what\'s the' b'difference with the lower animals?"' b'' b'------------------------------------------------ end of article 