b'' b'' b'the primary problem in human nature is a "fragmentation of being."' b'humans are in a state of tension, a tension of opposites. good and' b'evil are the most thought provoking polarities that come to mind.' b'' b'the bible provides us with many examples of the fragmentation of' b"being. the warring opposites within us are a product of man's" b'rebellion against god, which is described so vividly in the pages of' b'the scriptures.' b'' b'man was created with the order to become a god. those were the words' b'of st. basil in the fourth century. what he was trying to say was' b'that god created man to be a partaker of the divine nature. in the' b'eastern orthodox church, this is called "theosis," or "deification."' b'' b'one can also say that man was created to be whole, i.e. spirit, soul,' b'and body operating in unison. the story of adam and eve is a picture' b'of the archetypal humans before obtaining moral consciousness. theirs' b'was a harmonious relationship with each other, the world, and the' b'creator. that innocent harmony was shattered when they disobeyed god,' b'their natural wholeness falling apart into two seemingly' b'irreconcilable halves. immediately, guilt and fear was manifested in' b'their lives. they become bound to hardship, toil, and suffering. this' b'is symbolized in their exile from the paradisiac state.' b'' b'the beast in the jungle does not possess moral consciousness. if it' b'were to receive this self-awareness, the knowledge of good and evil,' b'its paradisiac state would also be destroyed.' b'' b'was it the intention of the creator to leave man in this state of' b'innocence all the days of his existence on earth? or was the gaining' b'of self-awareness carefully staged by god, who did not desire that his' b'masterpiece, mankind, be a blissful idiot?' b'' b'god must have known that, for mankind to achieve any kind of moral' b'value, he must pass through a confrontation with the opposites. there' b'is no other way to achieve union with god.' b'' b'jesus christ is the answer to the problem of the warring polarities.' b'he was the perfectly integrated individual, reconciling the opposites,' b'and making it possible for us to be integrated, i.e. to become god,' b'not in his essence, but in his energies.' b'' b'the opposites is the christian problem. the apostle paul describes it' b'with the utmost precision in romans and he follows with the' b'answer to his dilemma in vs b'' b'mark' b'' 