b'' b'' b'i was not directly going to come up with a moral argument for the existence' b'of god. rather, i was trying to show the absurdity of atheistic materialist' b'relatavists trying to embrace some common moral system as though it were' b'absolute. man knows in his heart that there is right and wrong. we have' b'all inherited this knowledge.' b'' b'no matter how "absurd" it is to suggest that a common moral system created by' b'mankind is absolute, it is not contrary to reason to suggest that a common' b'moral system created by mankind is sensible. in fact, for the bible to be of' b'any use to mankind as a moral code, it must be interpreted by mankind and a' b'workable moral system created for everyday use.' b'' b'the jewish talmud is the result of centuries of biblical scholars analysing' b'every word of the torah to understand the morality behind it. the children of' b'israel were given a very strict set of moral, civil, judicial and ceremonial' b'laws to follow and yet this was clearly not enough to cover every instance' b'of moral dilemma in their society. for a christian, the situation is no better.' b'' b'it seems to me that the only code of morality that we have from the judeo-' b'christian god is that which is contained in the bible (which we can see from' b'the diverse opinions in the christian newsgroups is not clear). there may well' b'be an absolute morality defined by the judeo-christian god for mankind to' b'follow but it seems that we only have a subset simply because the concept was' b'written down by man.' b'' b'this leads to the problem of defining morality for our society. if we take the' b'divine morality then we have a code of practice which may be interpreted in many' b'different ways (as an example, consider the immolation of heretics in the' b'fifteenth century and the interpretation of the bible which allows a man to do' b'that to another man under the precept to administer justice). if we take an' b'agnostic morality then we have a code of practice that can be modified to suit' b'society (with all the danger that this implies). alternatively, we could take' b'the basis of the judeo-christian morality and interpret/extend this to create' b'and justify a code of morality which suits the society we live in and enables' b'the people to live righteously (as many christian and non-christian philosophers' b'have done).' b'' b'whatever the driving force behind the definition of morality for our society, i' b'think the important aspect is the result.' b'' b'david.' b'' b'---' b'on religion:' b'' b'"oh, where is the sea?", the fishes cried,' b'as they swam its clearness through.' b'' 