b'' b'i produced an error last week about chorion:' b'' b' (by the way mr decenso, you really should have looked in the index of your' b' bauer-arndt-gingrich greek lexicon. you would have found that the word in' b' acts for "lot" is "kleros," not "chorion" as stated by mr archer, and nowhere' b' in the very large discussion of kleros in done the to "theological dictionary' b' of the new testament" by bromley, is the meaning "burial plot" discussed. it' b' discusses the forms of "kleros" (eg: kleros, kleroo, etc), and the various' b' meanings of "kleros" (eg: "plot of land," and "inheritance"), but mentions' b' nothing about chorion or "burial plot." (why does this not surprise me?) thus' b' it would seem to be a very good thing you dumped archer as a reference).' b'' b' i was wrong. i admit that i do not have a handle on greek grammar, and thus' b' confused "kleros", the second to last word in acts as being the plot of' b' land discussed. in actuality it is "chorion", which is the last word acts' b' unfortunately my greek dictionary does not discuss "chorion" so i' b' cannot report as to the nuances of the word.' b'' b'i abhor publishing trash (i abhor it of myself even more than i do from' b'others, but since i do not present myself as an authority on the subject, i do' b'not feel dishonest, though i do openly admit ignorance and incompetence in' b'this example). thus i felt honor bound to do a better set of research' b'specifically on the word. first it should be noted that greek grammar is not' b'as tough as i first assumed (it is not nontrivial by any means, and i still am' b'not competent with it, but it is not as opaque as i had thought). it turns' b'out that while the index for the bauer-arndt-gingrich "greek lexicon" renders' b'each verse in order, each word within a verse is put in greek alphabetical' b'order. thus while the the meaning of the verse is decipherable, the syntax is' b'far from clear. on the other hand, a greek-english intralinear bible makes' b'things a lot more comprehendable. and yes, the word for field in acts is' b'indeed "chorion."' b'' b"now i've checked several greek-english lexicons:" b'' b'"greek english lexicon of the new testament," louw and nida' b'"robinson\'s greek and english lexicon of the new testament"' b'"greek english lexicon of the new testament," grimm' b'"word study concordance," tynsdale' b'"a greek english lexicon of the new testament and other' b'early christian writings," bauer-arndt-gingrich' b'"the new analytical greek lexicon," perschbacher' b'' b'in each case the meaning of the word chorion was given variously as:' b'' b'a space, place, region, district, field, area, "country place,"' b'land, farm, estate, "a bit of tillage", and similar meanings.' b'' b'nowhere do any of these books mention anything about "grave." as some of these' b'books go into great detail, i would be very surprised to find that these books' b'are all inadequate and mr archer is the only competent scholar in greek. i' b'think it more likely that mr archer\'s investigations into "contradictions" to' b'be once again, as your friend said it, "lacking in substance," and thus archer' b'is again shown worthless as an expert witness (by the way mr decenso, i would' b'have honorably presented my results on this matter, even if i had found them' b"to support mr archer's contentions)." b'' b"by the way, among these lexicons, (eg: robinson's) is the definition of" b'"agros," the word used in matthew to describe the field bought. the word' b'"agros" is defined as "a field in the country." chorion is specifically noted' b'as a synonym to agros. this is significant, as it is evidence of how silly' b'bullinger\'s exegisis was, which stated that the word for "field" in matthew' b'(ie: agros) is different from the word for "field" in acts (ie: chorion), and' b'thus we must be talking about two different fields (of course you already' b"admit how stupid bullinger's exegisis is, but this was a small serendipity" b'which drives the point home).' b'' b'so as of now, unless mr decenso show compelling reasons to believe otherwise' b'(eg: a reputable scholar with reputable references), i consider this' b'particular issue closed. see mr decenso, now you can go on to answer' b'questions about the denials of peter, the day of the crucifixion, tyre, and' b'the fact that the author of matthew quoted from the wrong prophet in' b'discussing the "potter\'s field."' b'' b'later,' b'' b'dave butler' b'' b'precise knowledge is the only true knowledge, and he who does not teach' b'exactly, does not teach at all.' b'henry ward beecher' b'american clergyman' b'as recorded by george seldes' 