b'' b'i would like to apologize for the typos in the previous post.' b'' b'in retrospect i would also like to quote another source: douglas c.' b'haldeman from his book _homosexuality_' b'' b'therapy ineffective' b'' b'recently the founders of yet another prominent "ex-gay" ministry, exodus' b'international, denounced their conversion therapy procedures as ineffective.' b'michael busse and gary cooper, cofounders of exodus international and lovers' b'for years, were involved with the organization from to the' b'program was described by these men as "ineffective not one person was' b'healed." they stated that the program often exacerbated already prominent' b'feelings of guilt and personal failure among the counselees; many were' b'driven to suicidal thoughts as a result of the failed "reparative therapy."' b'' b'the previous article quoted in the last posting is from the advocate, june' b'30, called "the ex-ex-gay" by robert pela.' b'' b'some personal thoughts:' b'' b'it is of no great astonishment that there is a concerted effort by a major' b'portion of the church to control and mandate change of a minority among' b'its ranks. this was the momentum behind the spanish inquisition, only all' b'they required was a confession of faith (after much torture) and then, to' b'save their souls they would dispatch them to heaven through death. even' b'later, the bible was used vigorously to defend slavery, oppression and' b'segragation of african-americans, even to the justification of lynchings.' b"today's scholars are just a bit more slick in their approach. the tool is" b'still coersion, but now it is mostly by means of brainwashing and mind' b'control, convincing people that they should see themselves as less than' b'god sees them, then maintaining a cultic hold on them until it is felt' b'thier mind-conditioning is complete. sure, no one is "physically" forced' b'to stay in this "reparative therapy" but sheer social pressure is enough for' b'many to keep themselves in this new found bondage of self-hate.' b'' b'as an abolitionist i advocate the abolishment of oppression and persecution' b'against gays in all facets of civil life. a person should be judged by' b'the contibution, or non-contribution to the society in which they live,' b"not by some high-brow standard of conformity imposed by those who haven';t" b'a clue what is in their heart.' b'' b'for those who seek more information about gays and groups that accept them' b'please contact your nearest chapter of pflag (parents friends of lesbians' b'and gays) who will be more than happy to assist you. this is a group of' b'people comprised of gays, lesbians and bisexuals, their parents and friends' b'who have formed a support group for help and understanding. try talking to' b'a parent of a gay son or daughter and learn some "first-hand" real life and' b"loving understanding. god's love and understanding for gay people is no" b'less abundant.' b'' b'thank you.' b'pax' 