b'' b'i was curious to check out how many san jose mercury news mentioned' b"tyre here's the outcome from the research (condenced versions," b'copyright san jose mercury news):' b'' b'---' b'bombings in the two largest cities in southern lebanon killed people' b'and' b'wounded others. a car bomb blew up in tyre, killing people and' b'wounding' b'75. a man was killed and five others seriously wounded in an explosion in' b'nabatiye.' b'---' b'an israeli navy patrol boat attacked and sank a rubber guerrilla boat off' b'' b'southern lebanon early today, killing the two men aboard, the army command' b'said.' b'' b'it said in a communique that a dvora patrol boat opened fire on the' b'motorized rubber dinghy north of tyre after identifying it as hostile. the' b'army' b'said no one on the israeli boat was injured. the affiliation of the slain' b'guerrillas was not immediately known.' b'---' b'rival factions of the guerrilla group led by terrorist mastermind abu' b'nidal' b'battled sunday in tyre, lebanon, with machine guns and rocket-propelled' b'grenades, killing at least four people and wounding police said.' b'---' b"lebanon's mainstream shiite muslim militia said thursday that it had" b'uncovered a network of tunnels in a southern lebanese village where it said' b'pro-' b'iranian kidnappers had held western hostages.' b'' b'officials of the militia, amal, led local journalists through the' b'catacomb-' b'like alleys and showed them two cells with iron doors at the village,' b'kawthariyet al siyad, near tyre, the ancient port city, about miles' b'south of' b'beirut.' b'' b'the officials said they were certain that u.s. marine lt. col. william' b'r.' b'higgins was detained there shortly after he was seized by gunmen on a road' b'outside tyre in february b'--------------' b'...anyway, i counted articles during these years of reporting. i also' b'found out the possible reason why the numbers for the inhabitants of the' b'city is defined between and it seems that tyre is one of the' b'places' b'where people from libanon flee to during more extensive bombings, so' b"there's" b'a constant flow of refugees entering and leaving tyre (articles mentioned' b'thousands of people entering and leaving this place).' b'' b'i counted articles for my home town, kristinestad, so from now i will' b'consider this place to be a fishing village b'' b'cheers,' b'kent' b'' b'---' 