b'' b"#o'dwyer) wrote:" b'# objective morality is morality built from objective values.' b'' b'#but where do those objective values come from? how can we measure them?' b'#what mediated thair interaction with the real world, a moralon? or a scalar' b'#valuino field?' b'' b'science ("the real world") has its basis in values, not the other way round,' b'as you would wish it. if there is no such thing as objective value, then' b'science can not objectively be said to be more useful than a kick in the head.' b'simple theories with accurate predictions could not objectively be said' b'to be more useful than a set of tarot cards. you like those conclusions?' b"i don't." b'' b'i think that you are changing the meaning of "values" here. perhaps' b'it is time to backtrack and take a look at the word.' b'' b'value n. a fair equivalent or return for something, such as goods' b'or service. monetary or material worth. worth as measured in' b'usefulness or importance; merit. a principle, standard, or quality' b'considered inherently worthwhile or desirable. precise meaning, as' b'of a word. an assigned or calculated numerical quantity. mus.' b'the relative duratation of a tone or rest. the relative darkness or' b'lightness of a color. the distinctive quality of a speech or speech' b'sound.' b'' b'in context of a moral system, definition four seems to fit best. in terms' b'of scientific usage, definitions six or eight might apply. note that' b'these definitions do not mean the same thing.' b'' b'in my mind, to say that science has its basis in values is a bit of a' b'reach. science has its basis in observable fact. even the usages of the' b'word "value" above do not denote observable fact, but rather a standard' b'of measurement. i would conclude that science does not have its' b'basis in values, and so your statement above fails. in fact, if one' b'concludes that a scientific set of measurements (values) are based on' b'systems derived from observation, then it must follow that in a' b'scientific context, there is no such thing as there is no such thing as' b'"objective values."' b'' b'back to the present. this has nothing to do with a moral system anyhow.' b'just because the word "values" is used in both contexts does not mean' b'that there is a relationship between the two contexts.' b'' b'if one is to argue for objective values (in a moral sense) then one must' b'first start by demonstrating that morality itself is objective. considering' b'the meaning of the word "objective" i doubt that this will ever happen.' b'' b'so, back to the original question:' b'' b'and objective morality is.....?' b'' b'if you can provide an objective foundation for "morality" then that will' b'be a good beginning.' b'' b'--' b"frank o'dwyer 'i'm not hatching that'" b'' b'eric' 