b'' b'the roman catholic conservatives are coming out in the open to line' b'up with pat robertson and his ultra right wing christian coalition.' b'former secretary of education william bennet, a roman catholic, stood' b"beside the christian coalition's spokesman ralph reed at a march b'conference in washington. the purpose of the conference was to' b'publish results of a christian coalition poll which was designed' b'to prove that the republican party would lose major support if it' b'backed away from the "family values" positons of the convention.' b'' b"conservative catholics have swung behind robertson's organization" b'with political expertise, legal assistance and high tech communications' b'support.' b'' b'the catholic campaign for american, designed as a catholic version' b'of the moral majority, was founded by marlene elwell and tom wykes.' b'ms. elwell has been with robertson since the days of his freedom' b'council in and worked for him in his presidential bid in b'' b"ms. elwell was hired by domino's pizza magnate, tom monaghan, in b'to manage legatus, a "nonpolitical", catholic businessmen\'s group.' b'membership is limited to catholics who head corporations with a least b'million in annual revenues. relying on a network of wealthy contacts' b'at legatus, elwell and wykes had little trouble forming and funding the' b'catholic campaign.' b'' b"the campaign's list of national committee members includes u.s. rep." b'robert k. dornan, phyllis schlafly of the eagle forum, the lovely' b'pat buchanan and rev. richard j. neuhaus. also on the national' b"committee is keith fournier, a catholic who heads pat robertson's" b'american center for law and justice. another catholic, thomas' b"patrick monaghan, senior counsel of robertson's aclj, is also an" b'active supporter of the catholic campaign.' b'' b'the board of directors includes frank shakespeare, broadcasting exec' b'and former u.s. ambassador to the pope, wall street executive frank' b'lynch, former reagan official richard v. allen, bishop rene gracida' b'of corpus christi and mary ellen bork, wife of unsuccessful supreme' b'court nominee robert bork.' b'' b"in the winter issue of _campaign update_ the organization's" b'quarterly newsletter, rocco l. martino, a philadelphia business' b'executive wrote: "separation of church and state is a false premise' b'that must finally be cast aside and replaced by the true meaning of' b'our constitution."' b'' b'oh yes, the organization\'s "national ecclesisatical advisor" is' b"catholic politician cardinal john j. o'connor of new york." b'' b'jack carroll' 