b'' b'' b'#like i said before, des works whether i value my privacy or' b'#not.' b'' b'o.k., which des? the abstract function des? that stops working in any' b'important sense if no-one cares for the importance of truth, mathematics,' b'meaning, information, etc. a des chip or des s/w? that stops working in any' b'important sense if no-one values science, objective reality, etc. des' b'does not work in a value vacuum. nothing else does, either.' b'' b'this is just truth by blatant assertion. your "in any important sense"' b'seem to be just weasel words. imagine that i have a box which' b'accepts bytes and uses the first to ecb the second b'it still does a perfect job of desing, whether or not any input' b'is being made at the time--whether or not anyone values mathematics..' b'' b'if no-one looks at the results, or acknowledges their correctness, in what' b'meaningful sense can the chip be said to "work"?? does flibozity exist?' b'by "flibozity", i mean a particular, extremely complex configuration of' b'physical phenomena, which no-one, absolutely no-one cares about in the' b'slightest. does it exist, eric?' b'' b'getting back to the question of whether the des chip "works", doesn\'t "work"' b'mean something like "achieving the desired/expected effect"? note the way' b'intentionality subtly underlies that definition. even if we take the' b'definition as "expected", instead of "desired", can you deny that conformance' b'to expectations is itself a value of sorts, namely the scientific values of' b'accuracy-of-prediction and reproducibility-of-results?' b'' b'the phenomenologist husserl, for one, considered intentionality to be the' b'primary ontological "stuff" from which all other ontology was built b'perceptions, consciousness, thoughts, etc. frank is by no means alone in' b'seeing intentionality (or "values", as he puts it) underlying all human' b'experience, even the so-called "objective" experiences, such as' b'measurements of the natural world, or the output of your des chip.' b'' b'- kevin' 