b'' b'' b'the following is an introduction as to who is muhammad saw' b'as will be covered with this treatise.' b'' b'muhammad peace and blessings of allah be upon him (saw)' b'is the last prophet of islam. he is the prophet who is revealed' b"the last holy scripture, qur'an, by allah swa (all praise be to him)" b'through the arch angel gabriel. he is the seal of all prophets' b"till the day of judgement as stated in the qur'an by allah" b'swa (all praise be to him). muhammad saw lived between' b'571-632 ac. all other prophethoods claimed after muhammad saw,' b"is a treason against islam, against qur'an, against the message" b'of allah swa. muhammad saw is from the seed of ishmael, another' b'messenger of allah and son of abraham also a messenger of allah.' b'he is the messenger that previous holy scriptures foretold his' b"coming. the above mentioned verse from the qur'an is from" b'chapter verse whose rough translation is as follows:' b'' b'muhammad is not the father of any of your men,' b'but (he is) the messenger of allah, and the seal' b'of the prophets, and allah has full knowledge of' b'all things.' b'' b'---------------------' b'commentary on the above verse: when a document is sealed,' b'it is complete, and there can be no further addition. the' b'holy prophet muhammad saw closed the long line of messengers.' b"allah's teaching is and will always be continuous, but there" b'has been and will be no prophet after muhammad saw. the later' b'ages will want thinkers, and revivers, not prophets. this is not' b'an arbitrary matter. it is a decree full of knowledge and wisdom,' b'"for allah has full knowledge of all things."' b'' b'----------------------' b'droplet vol no part b'' b'a d r o p l e t' b"from the vast ocean of the miraculous qur'an" b'' b'translations from the arabic and turkish writings of' b'bediuzzaman said nursi, the risale-i noor' b'' b'vol no part b'------------------------------------------------------------------' b'nineteenth letter' b'' b"mu'jizat-i ahmediye risalesi" b'(a treatise on the miracles of muhammed saw)' b'' b'(continued from droplet vol no part b'' b'second sign: the noble messenger (saw)' b'declared his prophethood, and presented to humanity a' b"decree as the glorious qur'an and manifest miracles" b'which number, according to the scholars, one thousand.' b'the occurrence of those miracles in their entirety is as' b'certain as the fact that he declared himself prophet. in' b'fact, as a shown by the words of the most obstinate' b'unbelievers quoted in various places of the wise' b"our'an, even they could not deny the occurrence of his" b'miracles, but only called them -hasha wa kella!-(allah forbids)' b'sorcery, in order to satisfy themselves, or to deceive their' b'followers. the miracles of muhammad (saw) have the' b'certainty of confirmation by consensus of ulema (scholars' b'of islam) to the hundreth degree.' b'the miracle is the conformation by the creator of' b'the universe of his declaration of prophethood; it has the' b"effect of the words,'you have indeed spoken the truth b'suppose that you said in the assembly of a ruler,' b"while being observed by him, 'the true ruler has" b"appointed me to such and such position. 'at a time when" b"you were asked to prove your claim, the word 'yes'" b'uttered by the ruler would sufficiently support you. or, if' b'the ruler changed his usual practice and attitude at your' b'request, this would confirm your claim even more soundly' b"and more definitely than would the word 'yes.'" b"in the same way, allah's most noble messenger" b"claimed: 'i am the envoy of the creator of this" b'universe. my proof is that he will change his unbroken' b'order at my request and my prayer. now look at my' b'fingers: he makes them run like a fountain with five' b'spigots. look at the moon: by a gesture of my finger, he' b'splits it in two. look at that tree: to affirm me, and to bear' b'witness to me, it moves and comes near to me. look at' b'this food: although it is barely enough for two or three' b"men, it satisfies two or three hundred. 'further he shows" b'hundreds of similar miracles. however, the evidences of' b'the veracity of this high being and the proofs of his' b'prophethood are not restricted to his miracles. all his' b'deeds and acts, his words and behavior, his moral' b'conduct and manners, his character and appearance' b'prove to the attentive his truthfulness and seriousness.' b'indeed, many people such as abdullah b. salam, the' b'famous scholar of the children of israel, came to belief' b"merely by seeing him, and said, 'no lie can hide in this" b"face, nor can any fraud be found in it!'" b'although many of the researchers have concluded' b'that the proofs of the prophethood of muhammad and his' b'miracles number about one thousand, there are' b'thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands of proofs of' b'his prophethood. and hundreds of thousands of' b'truth-seeking men (muhakkikiin) with varying opinions' b'have affirmed his prophethood in an equal number of' b'ways.' b"the wise our'an alone demonstrates thousands of" b'the proofs of his prophethood, in addition to its own forty' b'aspects of miraculousness. since prophethood is as a' b'phenomenon of humanity, and hundreds of thousands of' b'individuals who claimed prophethood and performed' b'miracles have lived and passed away; then, the' b'prophethood of muhammad (saw) is of a certanity' b'superior to that of the prophethood of all the others. for' b'whatever evidences, qualities and attributes became the' b'means of the prophethood and messengership of all the' b'messengers such as jesus (as) and moses (as), they' b'are all owned in a more perfect and comprehensive' b'fashion by muhammad (saw). and since the causes and' b'means of prophetic authority exist more perfectly in the' b'person of muhammad (saw), this authority is to be found' b'in him with more certanity than all the other prophets.' b'' b'-----------------------------------------------------------------' b'to be continued allah willing.' b'irfan alan, a servant of islam.' b'' 