b'' b'' b' the results of the passing amendment in' b" colorado has created an organization who's posters are appearing all over" b' colorado called "s.t.r.a.i.g.h.t." (i forget the whole definition off hand,' b' but the last part was against immoral gross homosexual trash) and their motto' b' is "working for a fag-free america" with an implicit advocation for violence.' b'' b'i live in colorado, and have never heard of such a group. obviously claims' b'that their posters are appearing "all over colorado" are a tad overdone...' b'' b' this is sick, and it seems to be what you and mr. hudson, and others are' b' embracing.' b'' b'hardly. saying that homosexuality is a sin is a far cry from' b'"working for a fag-free america". saying that i wouldn\'t want' b'a homosexual babysitting for my kids doesnt mean i endorse' b'"against immoral gross homosexual trash".' b'' b' we christians have a loooooooooong tradition of coersion and oppression' b" towards those we feel don't 'measure up'," b'' b"and now we have homosexual advocates telling us that if we don't teach" b'our kids that homosexuality is natural and a perfectly acceptable' b'alternative lifestyle, then they will have it done for us. no, thanks.' b'' b' the gospel i believe is not so negative, rather it seeks ways to "include"' b' people.' b'' b'absolutely. and the message is always, "go and sin no more". not,' b'go and do whatever "feels good".' b'' b'one question, at the start of your post, you wrote:' b'' b' i know many gays and i will not turn my back on them or their right to be free' b' form discrimination...i may have lost face with the greater christian' b' community for the unpopularity of my beliefs, but so did the abolitionists' b' against the oppression of african-americans. many were even killed and' b' treated as runaway slaves for being "nigger-lovers" and such. i guess i\'ve' b' decided the challenge is worth it.' b'' b"this sounds real nice, but struck me as a little odd. you're" b'presenting yourself as if you were a straight xian, who is sticking' b'his neck out and taking on the challenge of speaking out in support' b'of gays in the church. but i was under the impression that you' b"yourself are gay. that's all well and fine, but presenting yourself" b'as sticking out your neck to help "repressed others" seems a bit' b'untruthful under the circumstances....' b'' b'walter' b'' 