b'' b'brian kendig writes:' b'' b' lev for the life of the flesh is in the blood, and i have given' b' it to you upon the altar to make atonement for your souls; for it is' b' the blood that makes atonement for the soul.' b'' b'the old testament was very big on the "eye for an eye" business. it' b'makes sense that leviticus would support physical injury to "repay"' b'moral wrongdoing.' b'' b'brian k., guess what? you missed the point. on a scale from cold to' b'hot, you are at degrees kelvin.' b'' b"i know about sanctification. i've been taught all about it in sunday" b'school, catechism class, and theology classes. but even after all' b"that, i still can't accept it. maybe i'm still not understanding it," b"or maybe i'm just understanding it all too well." b'' b'then as you understand it, what is it?' b'' b'from the bottom of my heart i know that the punishment of an innocent' b'man is wrong.' b'' b'yes. i agree with that. but what does that have to do with jesus?' b'punishment you say? jesus did not regard his death as punishment.' b'' b"i've tried repeatedly over the course of several years" b"to accept it, but i just can't." b'' b"good. i wouldn't either--not the way you understand it." b'' b'if you can explain to me why the death of jesus was a *good* thing,' b'then i would be very glad to hear it, and you might even convert me.' b"be warned, however, that i've heard all the most common arguments" b"before, and they just don't convince me." b'' b'ask jesus himself. he himself said why in john it' b"isn't a mystery to anyone and there certainly is no need for" b"a persuasive argument. read jesus's own reply to your" b'question.' b'' b'jesus gives more reasons in john but one obvious reason' b'why jesus died, (and as with everything else, it has nothing do with' b'his punishment) was that he could rise to life again--so that' b'we would "stop doubting and believe" (john the fact' b'that jesus rose from the dead is my hope that i too will rise' b'from the dead. it is an obvious point. do not overlook it.' b'without this obvious point, i would have no hope' b'and my faith would be vanity.' b'' b'why did jesus suffer in his death? again, ask jesus. jesus' b'says why in john that\'s no mystery either. "the' b'world hates him without reason." it is a direct proclamation' b'of how far we humans botch things up and thus, how much we' b'need a saviour.' b'' b'and why can\'t you, brian k., accept this? how can you? "the' b'world cannot accept him because it neither sees him nor knows' b'him." (john the animosity and the lack of knowledge' b"that comes out in your twistings of robert's daily verses is" b'very convincing testimony of the truth of john and b'i pray and hope that i do blurt out such animosity and lack of' b'knowledge. i am not perfect either. but regardless of that, i thank' b"god that jesus revealed himself to me, without whom i'd also be" b'bumbling about blindly though arrogantly slandering the very' b'person who created me and who loves me.' 