b'' b'(dennis kriz) writes:' b'' b'[ a lot of religious opinions and quotations from the bible and from' b'many catholic theologians and papal bulls b'' b'[ which, although introduced with a smiley, was not as funny as it' b'might have been (notable exception: subject headers such as "one\'s' b'dick is one\'s instrument of redemption." b'' b'[ and indeed, the posting seemed to be more a vehicle for the' b'religious text than for any "literary/moral analysis" b'' b'i am surprised and saddened. i would expect this kind of behavior' b"from the evangelical born-again gospel-thumping in-your-face we're-" b'the-only-true-christian protestants, but i have always thought' b'that catholics behaved better than this.' b'' b'friend dennis, i urge you to follow the example of your fellow' b'catholics, of who i count many dozens as my friends, and practice' b'your faith through good example and decent living and respect' b'for the common humanity of others. please do not stoop to the' b'level of the e b-a g-t i-y-f w-t-o-t-c protestants, who think' b'that the best way to witness is to be strident, intrusive, loud,' b'insulting and overbearingly self-righteous.' b'' b'the imagery in the song of solomon is a little bit dated (get it?' b'middle east date palms oh, never mind) but apparently acceptable,' b'on a steaminess level, to be accepted as part of the canon. from' b'this fact i derive that erotica itself is not incompatible with' b'catholic doctrine.' b'' b'is there such a thing as catholic erotica? not necessarily a love' b'story between people of that faith, but a love story that is not' b'exploitative, does not seek redemption through penis size, pays' b'proper respect to the dignity of each partner, and is still erotic' b'enough to have a place on a.s.s.' b'' b'i would submit that the _darknites_ series of stories qualify, also' b'most of the _journal entries_, and _rings i and ii_.' b'' b'i would guess that your aim is to cut down on the pornography and' b'increase the erotica. i actually agree with you that nearly all of' b'the "i\'ve got an enormous dick, and i shot my wad all over her face"' b'stories are crap. i count them as noise, which makes my take on the' b"signal-to-noise ration much lower than many other people's." b'' b'since you are one of the few posters here who can actually write' b'decent prose, could you write a few stories for us instead of' b'overwhelming us with commentary?' b'' b' anyway, this is a big subject. please add your comments,' b' additions and observations.' b'' b' sincerely,' b'' b' dennis' b'' b'--' b'thank you.' b'' b'jeff' 