b'' b'rick anderson replied to my letter with...' b'' b'ra' b"ra well, jason, it's heretical in a few ways. the first point is that" b'ra this equates lucifer and jesus as being the same type of being.' b'ra however, lucifer is a created being: "thou [wast] perfect in thy' b'ra ways from the day that thou wast created, till iniquity was found in' b'ra thee." (ezekiel while jesus is uncreated, and the creator of' b'ra all things: "in the beginning was the word, and the word was with' b'ra god, and the word was god. the same was in the beginning with god.' b'ra all things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made' b'ra that was made." (john "and he is before all things, and by' b'ra him all things consist." (colossians b'ra' b'ra your inference from the ezekiel and john passages that lucifer was' b'ra "created" and that jesus was not depends on a particular interpetation of' b'ra the word "create" one with which many christians may not agree.' b"ra granted the mormon belief that all of god's children (including christ" b'ra and lucifer) are eternally existent intelligences which were "organized"' b'ra into spirit children by god, the term "creation" can apply equally well' b'ra to both of those passages.' b'' b'just briefly, on something that you mentioned in passing. you refer to' b'differing interpretations of "create," and say that many christians may' b'not agree. so what? that is really irrelevant. we do not base our faith' b'on how many people think one way or another, do we? the bottom line is' b'truth, regardless of popularity of opinions.' b'' b'also, i find it rather strange that in trying to persuade that created' b'and eternally existent are equivalent, you say "granted the mormon' b'belief..." you can\'t grant your conclusion and then expect the point to' b'have been addressed. in order to reply to the issue, you have to address' b'and answer the point that was raised, and not just jump to the' b'conclusion that you grant.' b'' b'the bible states that lucifer was created. the bible states that jesus' b'is the creator of all. the contradiction that we have is that the lds' b'belief is that jesus and lucifer were the same.' b'' b'ra your point that we all are brothers of jesus and lucifer is also' b'ra heretical, since we are not innately brothers and sisters of christ.' b'ra we are adopted, "for ye have not received the spirit of bondage' b'ra again to fear; but ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby' b'ra we cry, abba, father." (romans and not the natural children' b'ra of god. it is only through faith that we even enter the family of' b'ra god; "for ye are all the children of god by faith in christ jesus."' b'ra (galatians and it is only through the manifestation of this' b'ra faith in receiving jesus that we are become the sons of god. "but' b'ra as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of' b'ra god, [even] to them that believe on his name: which were born, not' b'ra of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but' b'ra of god." (john b'ra' b'ra has it occured to you, robert, that being "born of" someone or being' b'ra of that person (or person)\'s "family" may be a symbolic term in the new' b'ra testament? mormons believe that we are "adopted" into the house of' b'ra israel through baptism and faith in christ, although some have expressed' b'ra belief that this does evince a physical change in our bodies.' b'' b'the mormon belief is that all are children of god. literally. there is' b'nothing symbolic about it. this however, contradicts what the bible' b'says. the bible teaches that not everyone is a child of god:' b'' b'the field is the world; the good seed are the children of the' b'kingdom; but the tares are the children of the wicked [one];' b'(matthew b'' b'i speak that which i have seen with my father: and ye do that which' b'ye have seen with your father. (john b'' b'ye do the deeds of your father. then said they to him, we be not' b'born of fornication; we have one father, [even] god. jesus said' b'unto them, if god were your father, ye would love me: for i' b'proceeded forth and came from god; neither came i of myself, but he' b'sent me. why do ye not understand my speech? [even] because ye' b'cannot hear my word. ye are of [your] father the devil, and the' b'lusts of your father ye will do. he was a murderer from the' b'beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in' b'him. when he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a' b'liar, and the father of it. (john b'' b'and said, o full of all subtilty and all mischief, [thou] child of' b'the devil, [thou] enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease' b'to pervert the right ways of the lord? (acts b'' b'wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this' b'world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit' b'that now worketh in the children of disobedience: (ephesians b'' b'in this the children of god are manifest, and the children of the' b'devil: whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of god, neither he' b'that loveth not his brother. john b'' b'one becomes a child of god...' b'' b'but as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the' b'sons of god, [even] to them that believe on his name: (john b'' b'behold, what manner of love the father hath bestowed upon us, that' b'we should be called the sons of god: therefore the world knoweth us' b'not, because it knew him not. beloved, now are we the sons of god,' b'and it doth not yet appear what we shall be: but we know that, when' b'he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he' b'is. john b'' b'...when he is born again through faith in jesus christ:' b'' b'which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of' b'the will of man, but of god. (john b'' b'having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by jesus' b'christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will,' b'(ephesians b'' b'of his own will begat he us with the word of truth, that we should' b'be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures. (james b'' b'for as many as are led by the spirit of god, they are the sons of' b'god. for ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear;' b'but ye have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, abba,' b'father. the spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we' b'are the children of god: (romans b'' b'beloved, let us love one another: for love is of god; and every one' b'that loveth is born of god, and knoweth god. john b'' b'whosoever believeth that jesus is the christ is born of god: and' b'every one that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is' b'begotten of him. john b'' b'for ye are all the children of god by faith in christ jesus.' b'(galatians b'' b'ra we are told that, "and this is life eternal, that they might know' b'ra thee the only true god, and jesus christ, whom thou hast sent."' b'ra (john life eternal is to know the only true god. yet the' b'ra doctrines of the lds that i have mentioned portray a vastly' b'ra different jesus, a jesus that cannot be reconciled with the jesus of' b'ra the bible. they are so far removed from each other that to proclaim' b'ra one as being true denies the other from being true. according to the' b'ra bible, eternal life is dependent on knowing the only true god, and' b'ra not the construct of imagination.' b'ra' b'ra' b'ra robert, with all due respect, who died and left you chief arbiter of' b"ra correct biblical interpretation? i don't mean to be snotty about this," b'ra but the fact is that the bible is so differently interpreted by different' b"ra groups of biblical scholars (what do you think of the jehovah's" b'ra witnesses, for example?) that to make reference to the "jesus of the' b'ra bible" is simply ridiculous. whose "jesus of the bible" do you mean?' b'' b"this is really a red herring. it doesn't address any issue raised, but" b'rather, it seeks to obfuscate. the fact that some groups try to read' b"something into the bible, doesn't change what the bible teaches. for" b"example, the fact that the jehovah's witnesses deny the deity of christ" b'does not alter what the bible teaches "looking for that blessed hope,' b'and the glorious appearing of the great god and our saviour jesus' b'christ;" (titus 2:13),"simon peter, a servant and an apostle of jesus' b'christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through' b'the righteousness of god and our saviour jesus christ:" peter b'on the deity of christ.' b'' b'we first look to the bible to see what it teaches. to discount, or not' b'even address, what the bible teaches because there are some groups that' b'have differing views is self-defeating. to see what the bible teaches,' b'you have to look at the bible.' b'' b'ra "our lord\'s mortality was essential to his own salvation" (_the' b'ra promised messiah_, p. "he had to work out his own salvation by' b'ra doing the will of the father in all things" (ibid., p.54), "he had' b'ra to be baptized to gain admission to the celestial kingdom" (_mormon' b'ra doctrine_, p.71).' b'ra' b'ra welcome to the wonderful world of mormon paradoctrine, robert. the' b'ra above books are by the late bruce r. mcconkie, a former general authority' b'ra of the lds church. those books were not published by the church, nor do' b'ra they constitute "offical doctrine." they consist of his opinions. now,' b"ra does that mean that what he says is not true? not at all; i'll have to" b"ra think about the idea of christ's personal salvation before i come to any" b'ra conclusions myself. the conclusions i come to may seem "heretical" to' b"ra you, but i'm prepared to accept that." b'' b'i find this rather curious. when i mentioned that the mormon belief is' b'that jesus needed to be saved, i put forward some quotes from the late' b'apostle, bruce mcconkie. the curious part is that no one addressed the' b'issue of `jesus needing to be saved.\' rick comes the closest with his "i' b'have my own conclusions" to addressing the point.' b'' b'most of the other replies have instead hop-scotched to the issue of' b"bruce mcconkie and whether his views were 'official doctrine.' i don't" b"think that it matters if mcconkie's views were canon. that is not the" b"issue. were mcconkie's writings indicative of mormon belief on this" b'subject is the real issue. the indication from rick is that they may' b'certainly be.' b'' b'' b'=============================' b'robert weiss' 