b'' b'93!04.16 e.v. after the glorious eve of taxation' b'' b'do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law.' b'the word of sin is restriction.' b'' b'' b'"to all whom it may concern b'' b'...' b'' b'"it is known only to a few that there exists an external visible' b'organization of such men and women, who having themselves found' b'the path to real self-knowledge, and who, having travelled the' b'burning sands, are willing to give the benefit of their experience,' b'and to act as spiritual guides to those who are willing to be' b'guided.' b'' b'"while numberless societies, associations, orders, groups etc.' b'have been founded during the last thirty years in all parts of' b'the civilised world, all following some line of occult study,' b'yet there is but one ancient organization of genuine mystics' b'which shows the seeker after truth a royal road to discover' b'the lost mysteries of antiquity, and to the unveiling of the' b'one hermetic truth.' b'' b'"this organization is known at the present time as the ancient' b'order of oriental templars. ordo templi orientis. otherwise:' b'the hermetic brotherhood of light.' b'' b'"it is a modern school of magic. and, like the ancient schools' b'of magic, it derived its knowledge from the east. this knowledge' b'was never its possessors.[sic] it was recorded in symbol, parable' b'and allegory, requiring a key for its interpretation....' b'' b'"this key can be placed within the reach of all those who... apply' b'for membership to the oriental templars (o.t.o.).' b'' b'"the o.t.o.... is a body of initiates in whose hands are' b'concentrated the secret knowledge of all oriental orders and of all' b'existing masonic degrees....' b'' b'"the o.t.o., although an academia masonica, is not a masonic body,' b'so far as the craft degrees are concerned in the sense in which that' b'expression is usually understood in england, and therefore in no way' b'conflicts with or infringes the just priveleges of the united lodge' b'of england. english master masons in good standing, by arrangement,' b'on affiliation, are admitted at reduced charges. members of the ix' b'degree become part-proprietors of the estates and goods of the order.' b'for further information see the publications of the o.t.o., and the' b'synopsis of the degrees of the o.t.o."' b'' b"'constitution of the ancient order of oriental templars," b"ordo templi orientis'," b'' b'by frater superior merlin peregrinus x degree,' b'past grand master albert karl theodor reuss' b'' b'' b'taken from _equinox iii: b'edited by frater superior rex summus sanctissimus,' b'united states caliph of ordo templi orientis' b'' b'' b'invoke me under my stars. love is the law, love under will.' b'' b'i am i!' b'' b'frater (i) nigris (dclxvi) (cccxxxiii)' 