b'' b"for those who think david koresh didn't have a solid structure," b'or sound biblical backing for his hour long tape broadcast,' b'' b"i don't think anyone really cares about the solid structure of his" b"sermon. it's the deaths he's responsible for that concern most people." b'' b"i've enclosed a partial list of the sources he cites or quotes" b"he exactly used. as a christian sermon, it's pretty good, if not" b'inspired.' b'' b'though i differ in part on some of his conclusions, the argument' b"he presents is well backed which is why it's taken me this long" b'to work through still ongoing.' b'' b'if you thought it was rambling that says far more about you than' b'it does koresh. there is a very definite relationship between the' b'' b"you've made me curious. what does this say about me?" b'' b'first seal in revelation the entirety of psalms and the' b'most of revelation which demonstrated one of his major points' b'about how the writings in the prophets (including david), and in' b'the psalms, and in revelation are all telling the same story when' b"you understand how they're related (ie have the key). the largely" b'explain each other.' b'' b'charles manson used revelation as well. do we see a pattern here?' b'i wonder of koresh liked the beatles?' b'' b'' b'the sequence following is keyed to the koresh tape, should you care' b'to check it out. you can almost see the note cards he used when' b'doing the analysis.' b'' b'[long list of biblical references which' b'impressed me tremendously but were deleted' b'in the interests of common sense.]' b'' b'koresh was a nut, okay? just because he found ways for the bible' b'to backup his rantings does not make him any less of a kook.' b'' b'' b'seems to me koresh is yet another messenger that got killed' b'for the message he carried.' b'' b"i'll type this very slowly so that you can understand. he either set" b"the fire himself or told his followers to do so. don't make him out to" b'be a martyr. he did not "get killed", he killed himself.' b'' b'' b'in the mean time, we sure learned a lot about evil and corruption.' b'are you surprised things have gotten that rotten?' b'' b'' b'the evil was inside the compound. all that "thou shalt not kill" stuff.' b'' b'oh yeah, one last point for the believers philippian b'' b'for the rest of us, could you please post the text?' b'' b'' 