b'' b'}so stop dodging the question. what is hypocritical about my' b'}criticizing bad arguments, given that i do this both when i agree' b'}with the conclusion and when i disagree with the conclusion?' b'' b'you are the one who has claimed to possess the fruits of precognition,' b'telepathy, and telempathy. divine it yourself.' b'' b"another dodge. oh well. i'm no match for your amazing repertoire" b'of red herrings and smoke screens.' b'' b"you asked for an apology. i'm not going to apologize for pointing out" b'that your straw-man argument was a straw-man argument. nor for saying' b'that your list of "bible contradictions" shows such low standards of' b'scholarship that it should be an embarrassment to anti-inerrantists,' b'just as josh mcdowell should be an embarrassment to the fundies. nor' b'for objecting various times to your taking quotes out of context. nor' b'for pointing out that "they do it too" is not an excuse. nor for calling' b'your red herrings and smoke screens what they are.' b'' b"i'm still not sure why you think i'm a hypocrite. it's true that i" b"haven't responded to any of robert weiss' articles, which may be due in" b'part to the fact that i almost never read his articles. but i have' b'responded to both you and frank decenso (a fundie/inerrantist.) both' b"you and frank have taken quotes out of context, and i've objected to" b"both of you doing so. i've criticized bad arguments both when they" b'were yours and i agreed with the conclusion (that the bible is not' b"inerrant), and when they were frank's and i disagreed with the" b"conclusion. i've criticized both you and frank for evading questions," b'and for trying to "explain me away" without addressing the objections' b'i raise (you by accusing me of being hypocritical and irrational, frank' b'by accusing me of being motivated by a desire to attack the bible.) i' b"don't see that any of this is hypocritical, nor do i apologize for it." b'' b'i do apologize, however, for having offended you in any other way.' b'' b'happy now?' b'' b'dj' 