b'' b'' b'' b'the divine masters' b'' b'most christians would agree, and correctly so, that' b'jesus christ was a divine master, and a projection of god' b'into the physical world, god incarnate.' b'' b'but there are some very important related facts that' b'christians are completely ignorant of, as are followers of' b'most other world religions.' b'' b'first, jesus christ was not unique, john notwith-' b'standing. there is always at least one such divine master' b'(god incarnate) physically alive in this world at all times,' b'a continuous succession throughout history, both before and' b'after the life of jesus.' b'' b'the followers of some of these masters founded the' b"world's major religions, usually perverting the teachings of" b'their master in the process. christians, for example, added' b'threats of "eternal damnation" in hell, and deleted the' b'teaching of reincarnation.' b'' b'secondly, and more importantly, after a particular' b'master physically dies and leaves this world, there is' b'nothing that he can do for anybody except for the relatively' b'few people that he initiated while he was still physically' b'alive. (that is simply the way god set things up in the' b'universes.)' b'' b'therefore, all those christians who worship jesus, and' b'pray to jesus, and expect jesus to return and save them from' b'their sins, are only kidding themselves, and have allowed' b'themselves to be duped by a religion that was mostly' b'manufactured by the romans.' b'' b'and emotional "feelings" are a totally deceiving' b'indicator for religious validity.' b'' b'these things are similarly true for followers of most' b'other major world religions, including islam.' b'' b'thirdly, the primary function of each master is to tune' b'his initiates into the "audible life stream" or "sound' b'current", (referred to as "the word" in john and as' b'"the river of life" in revelation and to personally' b'guide each of them thru the upper levels of heaven while they' b'are still connected to their living physical bodies by a' b'"silver cord".' b'' b"true salvation, which completes a soul's cycles of" b'reincarnation in the physical and psychic planes, is achieved' b'only by reaching at least the "soul plane", which is five' b'levels or universes above the physical universe, and this' b'cannot be done without the help of a physically-living divine' b'master.' b'' b'one such divine master alive today is an american, sri' b'harold klemp, the living "eck" master or "mahanta" for the' b'"eckankar" organization, now headquartered in minneapolis,' b'(p.o. box zip b'' b'another divine master is maharaj gurinder singh ji, now' b'living in punjab, india, and is associated with the "sant' b'mat" organization.' b'' b'one of the classic books on this subject is "the path of' b'the masters" (radha soami books, p.o. box gardena, ca' b'90247), written in by dr. julian johnson, a theologian' b'and surgeon who spent the last years of his life in india' b'studying under and closely observing the sant mat master of' b'that time, maharaj sawan singh ji.' b'' b'several of the eckankar books, including some authored' b'by sri paul twitchell or sri harold klemp, can be found in' b'most public and university libraries and some book stores, or' b'obtained thru inter-library loan. the book "eckankar--the' b'key to secret worlds", by sri paul twitchell, is another' b'classic.' b'' b'many christians are likely to confuse the masters with' b'the "anti-christ", which is or was to be a temporary world' b'dictator during the so-called "last days". but the masters' b"don't ever rule, even when asked or expected to do so as" b'jesus was.' b'' b'people who continue following christianity, islam, or' b'other orthodox religions with a physically-dead master, will' b'continue on their cycles of reincarnation, between the' b'psychic planes and this miserable physical world, until they' b'finally accept initiation from a physically-living divine' b'master.' b'' b'' b'' b're-incarnation' b'' b'the book "here and hereafter", by ruth montgomery,' b'describes several kinds of evidence supporting reincarnation' b'as a fact of life, including hypnotic regressions to past' b'lives [about accurate; the subconscious mind sometimes' b'makes things up, especially with a bad hypnotist],' b'spontaneous recall (especially by young children, some of' b'whom can identify their most recent previous relatives,' b'homes, possessions, etc.), dream recall of past life experi-' b'ences, deja vu (familiarity with a far off land while travel-' b'ing there for the first time on vacation), the psychic read-' b'ings of the late edgar cayce, and even supporting statements' b'from the christian bible including matthew (john the' b'baptist was the reincarnation of elias.) and john (how' b'can a person possibly sin before he is born, unless he lived' b'before?!). always use the "king james version". later' b'versions are per-versions! b'' b'strong interests, innate talents, strong phobias, etc.,' b"typically originate from a person's past lives. for example," b'a strong fear of swimming in or traveling over water usually' b'results from having drowned at the end of a previous life.' b'and sometimes a person will take an immediate dislike to' b'another person being met for the first time in this life,' b'because of a bad encounter with him during a previous' b'incarnation.' b'' b'the teaching of reincarnation also includes the law of' b'karma (galatians revelation etc.). people would' b'behave much better toward each other if they knew that their' b'actions in the present will surely be reaped by them in the' b'future, or in a future incarnation!' b'' b'' b'' b'"2nd comings"' b'' b'if a divine master physically dies ("translates")' b'before a particular initiate of his does, then when that' b'initiate physically dies ("translates"), the master will meet' b'him on the astral level and take him directly to the soul' b'plane. this is the one and only correct meaning of a 2nd' b'coming. it is an individual experience, not something that' b'happens for everyone all at once. people who are still' b'waiting for jesus\' "2nd coming" are waiting in vain.' b'' b'' b'' b'planes of existence' b'' b'the physical universe is the lowest of at least a dozen' b'major levels of existence. above the physical plane is the' b'astral plane, the causal plane, the mental plane, the etheric' b'plane (often counted as the upper part of the mental plane),' b'the soul plane, and several higher spiritual planes. the' b'soul plane is the first true heaven, (counting upward from' b'the physical). the planes between (but not including) the' b'physical and soul planes are called the psychic planes.' b'' b'it is likely that esp, telepathy, astrological' b'influences, radionic effects, biological transmutations [see' b'the book with that title.], and other phenomena without' b'an apparent physical origin, result from interactions between' b'the psychic planes and the physical plane.' b'' b'the major planes are also sub-divided. for example, a' b'sub-plane of the astral plane is called "hades", and the' b'christian hell occupies a small part of it, created there' b'less than years ago by the early catholic church by some' b'kind of black magic or by simply teaching its existence in a' b'threatening manner. the christian "heaven" is located' b'elsewhere on the astral plane. good christians will go there' b'for a short while and then reincarnate back to earth.' b'' b'' b'' b'sound current vs. blind faith' b'' b'the christian religion demands of its followers an' b'extraordinary amount of blind faith backed up by little more' b'than good feeling (which is totally deceiving).' b'' b'if a person is not hearing some form of the "sound' b'current" ("the word", "the bani", "the audible life stream"),' b'then his cycles of reincarnation in this miserable world will' b'continue.' b'' b'the "sound current" manifests differently for different' b'initiates, and can sound like a rushing wind, ocean waves on' b'the sea shore, buzzing bees, higher-pitched buzzing sound, a' b'flute, various heavenly music, or other sounds. in eckankar,' b'members start hearing it near the end of their first year as' b'a member. this and other experiences (such as "soul travel")' b'replace blind faith.' b'' b'' b'' b'for more information, answers to your questions, etc.,' b'please consult my cited sources books, addresses).' b'' b'' b'' b'un-altered reproduction and dissemination of this' b'important information is encouraged.' b'' b'' b'robert e. mcelwaine' b'2nd initiate in eckankar,' b'(but not an agent thereof)' b'' b'' 