b'' b'' b'there were some recent developments in the dispute about masonry among' b'southern baptists. i posted a summary over in bit.listserv.christia, and' b'i suppose that it might be useful here. note that i do not necessarily' b'agree or disagree with any of what follows: i present it as information.' b'' b'*' b'' b'for a short summary: a southern baptist named larry holly wrote a book' b'claiming that freemasonry is a religion incompatible with christianity.' b"(mr holly's father rejects christianity, and mr holly blames that on the" b'masons.)' b'' b"the sbc's home missions board includes an interfaith witness department," b'which studies other religions and how to teach them about christ. a few' b'years ago, they were ordered to produce a report on masonry: they concluded' b'that it was not a religion, and therefore was outside their speciality.' b'however, mr holly led a movement of people who oppose masonry, and' b'last year the convention again ordered the hmb to study masonry. (i got the' b'feeling that they were saying "you got the wrong answer last time, try to' b'do better and get the answer we want.")' b'' b"anyway, there's been a bit of infighting and some inappropriate actions, but" b'the dust has settled and the report is in. nobody is entirely happy with it,' b'but everybody seems willing to live with it. both sides are saying things' b'such as: "this was the best we were going to get in the current environment."' b'' b'the report commends the masons for the charity work they do, such as the' b'hospitals and burn centers they operate, as well as efforts to help the' b'elderly and prevent drug abuse. the report acknowledges that many well-' b'known christians are and have been masons, and notes that many teachings' b'of masonry are "supportive of christian faith and practice". examples of' b'the latter include belief in god, emphases on honesty and integrity, and' b'that some masonic lodges incorporate explicit christian beliefs.' b'' b'on the other hand, they note that some aspects of masonry are incompatible' b'with southern baptist principles. these included the use of titles which some' b'people consider sacrilegious, the taking of certain oaths (even though they' b'are not meant seriously), the "undeniably pagan and/or occultic" writings of' b'some masonic leaders, the implication in some masonic writings that salvation' b'can be achieved by good works, and the racial discrimination practiced by many' b'masonic lodges. (i note with some chagrin that baptist churches as a whole' b"aren't really in a place to speak on this last point.)" b'' b'' b'the report concludes that masonry is not a religion, and says that membership' b'should not be endorsed or censured, but left to the discretion of individuals.' b'this was in part because there is variation among different masonic lodges,' b'and while one may include elements strongly against christianity, another may' b'not. many southern baptists have strong convictions about the priesthood of' b'the believer and the autonomy of the local church, and this history probably' b'influenced how the report came out.' b'' b'*' b'' b'the information above was gleaned from "the religious herald", a publication' b'of the baptist general association of virginia, and "baptists today", which' b'does not have any direct links to a religious organisation. (autonomy is a' b'big issue among some baptists. b'' b'because i have neither the report itself, nor whatever masonic documents are' b'relevant to these issues, none of the above comes with a guarantee. your' b'mileage may vary. void where prohibited.' b'' b'' b'' b'milton: "we use only the finest baby frogs, dew picked and flown from iraq,' b'cleansed in finest quality spring water, lightly killed, and then' b'sealed in a succulent swiss quintuple smooth treble cream milk' b'chocolate envelope and lovingly frosted with glucose."' b'' b'praline: "that\'s as may be, it\'s still a frog."' 