b'' b'jim burhill writes:' b'' b'would you consider the word of an eye-witness (peter) to testify to the' b"events surrounding jesus' life?" b'' b'no. there are two problems here:' b'' b'brian kendig writes:' b'' b'(1) peter died two millenia ago. the original letters he wrote have' b'long since decayed into dust. if he were alive today and i could' b'' b'do you question the existence of alexander the great, tilgrath pilisar iii,' b'nero, caligula, josephus, cyrus the great, artexerxes? their documents' b'have decayed to dust too. brian, why another excuse?' b'' b'(2) even if peter did witness the miracles of jesus two millenia ago,' b"that doesn't mean that your deity is what the bible says it is (god" b"might just be satan, trying to convince everyone that he's a nice" b'guy), or even that your deity is still alive and active in the world' b'today.' b'' b'peter wrote a bit of the bible. what peter says about god is what' b'the bible says.' b'' b'' b'consider the bible a court recording. over the period of thousands of' b'years, various people come up and testify of their experience with the' b'living god. up comes abraham the wealthy rancher. up comes moses,' b'once the high official of egypt. up comes elijah, a priest. up comes' b'david, a mere shepherd who became king. up comes the pagan king' b'nebuchanezzar. up comes the pagan king of persia, cyrus. up comes' b'nehemiah, cupbearer to the king of persia. then matthew, an irs agent' b'takes the stand. up comes luke, an m.d. then paul a jew who use' b'to kill christians for fun. up comes john, a year old boy. up' b'comes peter, a fishermen. up comes james, the brother of jesus himself.' b'up comes hundreds of others. you hear testimony from fishermen, irs' b'agents, priests, kings. the court hearing lasts thousands of years' b'with people coming up and testifying about the god who calls himself' b'"i am."' b'' b'while you are listening to all this stuff, you realize that' b'king david could have never known john, solomon could have never known' b'matthew, nehemiah could have never known peter. you realize that all these' b'people are independent witnesses, and so, you rule out collaboration. yet' b'all of the witnesses tell of the same god. each testifier tells' b'of his own experiences with the living god. each experience is' b'different, but each experience has enough cross-over to unmistakenly' b'reveal that each one of these people is talking about the very same god.' b'what daniel did not know about god, the 3rd highest official of' b'babylon, god revealed to john years later--but with a different' b'perspective. no two testimonies are identical. each testimony' b"dares to venture off what is already known. yet each witness's" b'testimony, even though different from those prior, consistently' b'describes harmoniously fitting facets of the character of the same god.' b'' b'now. as we stare gazing at the computer, you got this seeming fanatic' b'on the other end of the net, saying, i know this god "i am". he has' b'revealed himself to me too. he also calls himself jesus (john b'please believe me. i am telling the truth. it is wonderful to know him.' b'' b'are you going to just pass off all this testimony as fictiousness?' b'are you going to call three thousand years worth of testimony from' b'shepherds to irs agents to royal officials to kings to computer' b'programmers, fiction? with a scoff of your keyboard, with near' b'complete ignorance of the testimonies, are you going to say that' b'that is all complete hooey? would that not be the most audacious' b'display of arrogance? do you actually think you know better than' b'king solomon, king david, or even abraham lincolnr?' 