b'' b'dear rob,' b'' b"when i read brian k.'s postings, i find someone who is honestly seeking" b'the truth. when i read your response here, i see condescension. when you' b'reply to a post, reply to the post you quote. this statement undermines' b'any good points you might have had (it was enough to make me stop reading).' b'' b'sometimes i do come across condesending, and i am sorry i come across that' b"way at times. thank you for the reproach, i really do appreciate it. i'll" b'try to get better.' b'' b'rob, at the same time, i have also learned that some people respond to the gentle' b'approach while others respond only at a harsh rebuke. brian k., so far,' b'only responds to the latter. and i am glad he responds at all. in both' b'cases of approach, my intention is to be loving. i am making no excuse' b'for myself if i am coming across condesending. i apologize for that.' b'' b'rob, sometimes brian k. comes across as honest. i know this. but brian k.' b'vasillates back and forth. one post looks honest; the next is' b'an excuse. now he wants me to explain the universe in words or less.' b'i think brian kendig is really trying but he is too comfortable with' b'his set of excuses.' b'' b'i just want brian k. to be honest with himself. if he really wants' b'to know, he will ask questions and stop asserting irrelevant excuses' b'which have nothing to do with my god. i wish brian would read the' b'bible for himself and come to his own decisions without being' b'sidetracked with the temptation to mock god.' b'' b'from my perspective rob, when i look at brian kendig, i see a man' b'standing out in the middle of a highway. off into the distance i' b'see a mack truck heading right for him, but brian k. is faced away' b"from the oncoming truck. he doesn't see it. here's is how i see" b'the dialog:' b'' b'' b'me: "brian k, please step aside before you get run over."' b'' b'bk: "there is no truck."' b'' b'me: "turn around at look."' b'' b'bk: "no."' b'' b'me: "look! you will be healthier if you do take a look at' b'the oncoming truck."' b'' b'bk: "no. explain to me why trucks exist."' b'' b'me: "turn around or you will run over."' b'' b'bk: "no. i won\'t because i like hiking and tomorrow is tuesday."' b'' b'me: "you blind fool! why do you choose ignorance? you have nothing' b'to lose if you look. but if do not look, you will certainly lose your life."' b'i do not want to see you squashed all over the road.' b'' b'bk: "it is my life to lose. i rather not look.' b'besides, a truck running over me will not harm me."' b'and by the way, i really have an open mind."' b'' b'' b'so is my motivation to belittle brian, or to love brian the best i know how?' b'' b'i do not wish to single brian kendig out. because millions if not' b'billions of people fall into the same category. perhaps all people' b'fall have fallen into this category at one time in their lives. i have.' b'i can now see the truck behind brian.' b'' b'my hope is that brian will look and will see the ramifications of the' b'truck coming towards him. my hope is that brian will want to step out' b'of the way. my fear, though, is that brian will instead choose to glue himself' b'to the middle of the highway, where he will certainly get run over. but if' b'he so chooses, he so chooses, and there is nothing i can do beyond that' b'to change his mind. for it is his choice. but at this very moment,' b"brian hasn't gotten even that far. he is still at the point where he" b'does not want to look. sure he moves his eyeball to appease me, but his' b'head will not turn around to see the entire picture. so far he is' b'satisfied with his glimpse of the mountains off in the distance.' b'' b'thank you again rob for your reproach. i really do appreciate it. (my' b'wife tells me the same thing at times.) i will try to do better.' 