b'' b"i responded to jim's other articles today, but i see that i neglected" b"to respond to this one. i wouldn't want him to think me a hypocrite" b'for not responding to *every* stupid article on t.r.m.' b'' b'from my handy dictionary:' b'[dictionary definitions of "not" "disagree" and "agree" deleted]' b'please operationally differentiate between "not disagree" and "agree".' b'' b"oh, but i'm weary of trying to wade through jim's repertoire of" b'red herrings and smoke screens.' b'' b"let's see what we get when we run all four articles posted by jim today" b"through the 'discord' filter (a markov chain program that steve lamont" b'was kind enough to send me):' b'' b'taking action? a white geese be held' b'as an accomplice to be held as' b'a decision upon the door' b'a black and white goose waddles past' b'the eyes of the door.' b'hits it with the confidence interval for' b'that individual is held responsible' b'for that, that individual' b'may be held as a' b'getaway car may be held' b'as an uncountably large number' b'of the driver of something' b'and agree.' b'' b'a black goose' b'waddles past the person imprisoned?' b'' b'white goose waddles past the' b'confidence interval for the population' b'of geese be axed,' b'fine.' b'and white goose' b'waddles past the door.' b'' b"does running jim's articles through 'discord' make them more" b'coherent? less coherent?' b'' b"or has 'discord' turned jim's articles into an angst-ridden poem" b'about making choices in a world filled with uncertainty, yet being' b'held responsible for the choices we make? do the geese symbolize' b'an inner frustration with ambiguity, a desire that everything be' b'black and white, with no shades of gray? does the "getaway car"' b'tell us that to try to renounce the existential nature of our' b'being is not to "get away" from responsibility for our actions,' b'but rather to take the role of the passive accomplice, the' b'"driver" of the getaway car, as it were? does the juxtaposition' b'of man and machine, car and driver, reveal a subtext: an internal' b'conflict between determinism and moral responsibility?' b'' b'or am i reading too much into a collaboration between jim and' b'a random number generator?' b'' b'dj' 