b'' b'i wrote:' b'' b' my hope is that brian k. will look and will see the ramifications of the' b' truck coming towards him. my hope is that brian will want to step out' b' of the way. my fear, though, is that brian will instead choose to glue himself' b' to the middle of the highway, where he will certainly get run over. but if' b' he so chooses, he so chooses, and there is nothing i can do beyond that' b' to change his mind. for it is his choice. but at this very moment,' b" brian hasn't gotten even that far. he is still at the point where he" b' does not want to look. sure he moves his eyeball to appease me, but his' b' head will not turn around to see the entire picture. so far he is' b' satisfied with his glimpse of the mountains off in the distance.' b'' b'' b'kent sandvik writes:' b'' b'the problem is that you imagine him inside this huge wall, unable' b'to see reality. while he imagines the same about you. clearly we' b'have a case where relativity plays a big role concerning looking' b'at opposite frames of reality.' b'' b'kent, with regards to the information contained in the bible (which' b'is the original context of this thread), brian kendig is inside a huge' b'wall. brian *is* inside. the bible and the information contained therein' b'are outside the wall. brian kendig proves this very sad fact by the' b'absurd things he says. for example, "if i get through into the firey' b'pit, i will cease to exist." the bible doesn\'t say that. he hasn\'t' b'a clue even to what jesus said about hell. that is but one example.' b'' b'now in your sense, kent, of sensing reality--that is a different' b'matter. and to you and to brian, relativity does play a big role.' b'what we perceive to be true, depends on our vantage point. since i' b"have read the bible, and brian kendig shows that he hasn't, he has" b'a narrower perspective than mine (at least in the respect' b'of knowledge of the bible). i am proposing to brian, "brian, come up here' b'and take a look from this vantage point." but brian replies, "i rather' b'not thank you. i am content where i am. besides, the vista from up' b'there stinks." and in the meanwhile, brian ignores the facts that' b'he has never up there nor does he realize i had shared the same' b'plateau where brian now stands.' 