b'' b'^^-- name?' b'(stephen) writes:' b"for those who think david koresh didn't have a solid structure," b'or sound biblical backing for his hour long tape broadcast,' b'' b"i don't think anyone really cares about the solid structure of his" b'sermon.' b'' b'other than it tells quite a lot about the man himself.' b'' b"it's the deaths he's responsible for that concern most people." b'' b'are you the spokesman for "most people?"' b'' b"i've enclosed a partial list of the sources he cites or quotes" b"he exactly used. as a christian sermon, it's pretty good, if not" b'inspired.' b'' b'though i differ in part on some of his conclusions, the argument' b"he presents is well backed which is why it's taken me this long" b'to work through still ongoing.' b'' b'if you thought it was rambling that says far more about you than' b'it does koresh.' b'' b"you've made me curious. what does this say about me?" b'' b"that you don't recognize the biblical commentary used. those in the" b'church know the language though, and have no such excuse.' b'' b'first seal in revelation the entirety of psalms and the' b'most of revelation which demonstrated one of his major points' b'about how the writings in the prophets (including david), and in' b'the psalms, and in revelation are all telling the same story when' b"you understand how they're related (ie have the key). they largely" b'explain each other.' b'' b'charles manson used revelation as well. do we see a pattern here?' b'i wonder if koresh liked the beatles?' b'' b'you missed the point which is that the prophets, the psalms, and' b'revelation, all together, provide a very rich view of a very special' b'event a wedding.' b'' b'koresh was a nut, okay? just because he found ways for the bible' b'to backup his rantings does not make him any less of a kook.' b'' b'how are you able to make such a conclusion? please note, that the' b'first part of revelation makes it clear that the address is to those' b"in the church. that said, it doesn't hurt to try to see what the" b'prophecies are ahead of time for those outside the church.' b'' b'seems to me koresh is yet another messenger that got killed' b'for the message he carried.' b'' b"i'll type this very slowly so that you can understand. he either set" b"the fire himself or told his followers to do so. don't make him out to" b'be a martyr. he did not "get killed", he killed himself.' b'' b'so you say. it should be interesting to see what the investigators' b'conclude, and what the final judgments are.' b'' b'in the mean time, we sure learned a lot about evil and corruption.' b'are you surprised things have gotten that rotten?' b'' b'the evil was inside the compound. all that "thou shalt not kill" stuff.' b'' b'so much for war and government eh.' b'' b'oh yeah, one last point for the believers philippian b'' b'for the rest of us, could you please post the text?' b'' b'very glad you asked, since i goofed it should be philippian b'(here from niv)' b'' b'because of my chains, most of the brothers in the lord' b'have been encouraged to speak the word of god more' b'courageously and fearlessly.' b'' b'it is true that some preach christ out of envy and' b'rivalry, but others out of good will. the latter do so' b'in love, knowing that i am put here for the gospel.' b'the former preach christ out of selfish ambition, not' b'sincerely, supposing that they can stir up trouble for' b'me while i am chains. but what does it matter?' b'' b'the important thing is that in every way, whether from' b'false motives or true, christ is preached. and because' b'of this i rejoice.' b'' b'my comment stems from the realization that we who love the lord, are' b'human and imperfect. whatever we "preach," no matter how eloquent, or' b"how corrupted is of little difference. those who know the master's" b'voice will recognize him a gem-stone amidst rock. such is also the' b'lesson of the "stumblingblock." for those who have an ear to hear.' b'' b'|' b'-- j b'|' b'| stephen' b'' 