b'' b'' b'so what is your beef against jesus?' b'' b'first and foremost, i honestly do not believe that jesus was anything' b'more than a man who lived and died two thousand years ago. i know' b'your bible provides wonderful stories of the things he said and did,' b'but i simply do not believe that he still exists as an entity that has' b'any bearing on this universe or the lives in it, and i similarly do' b'not believe that the god that you worship exists or has ever existed.' b'' b'period.' b'' b"i view religion in general and christianity in specific as a 'cultural" b"virus' that has been passed down from generation to generation because" b'people are often too afraid to think for themselves and claim' b'responsibility for their own fate, so they brainwash themselves and' b'their children into believing the popular myths, and it goes on from' b'there. and eventually christianity becomes a given if so many' b'other people believe in it, it must be right, no?' b'' b'i don\'t believe in any "life after death". i believe that when i die,' b"i die, so therefore it's up to me to try to bring meaning and purpose" b"to my life in the meantime. i don't believe that it's a good thing to" b'humble myself and view pride as a sin pride, in moderation, is a' b'constructive thing. i see nothing at all wrong with homosexuality and' b'nothing inferior about women, and my priests lost a lot of my trust' b"when they patronizingly tried to explain the 'faults' of these" b"opinions to me. i don't believe in 'loving everyone', especially" b"people i've never met; while i try to show respect to everyone, my" b'love and admiration is something not easily earned, and i do not feel' b'guilty about denying my respect and consideration to someone who has' b'abused it.' b'' b'if you want me to take your religion the least bit seriously, stop' b'trying to show me how the bible "makes sense". start trying to show' b"me that this jesus person is somehow still influencing anyone's life" b'here on earth.' b'' b'--' b'_/_/_/ brian kendig je ne suis fait comme aucun' b"_/_/ n'etre fait comme aucun de ceux qui existent." b'/ the meaning of life si je ne vaux pas mieux, au moins je suis autre.' b'/ is that it ends. rousseau' 