b'' b' the default condition, in the absence of a preponderance of' b'evidence either way, is that the proposition or assertion is undecidable.' b'and the person who takes the undecidable position and says that he/she' b'simply disbelieves that the proposition is true, is the only one who' b'holds no burden of proof. this is why the so-called "weak atheist"' b'position is virtually unassailable not because it stands on a firm' b"foundation of logical argument, but because it's proponents simply" b'disbelieve in the existence of god(s) and therefore they hold no burden' b"of proof. when you don't assert anything, you don't have to prove" b"anything. that's where weak atheism draws its strength. but its" b"strength is also its achilles' heel. without assertions/axioms, one" b"has no foundation upon which to build. as a philosophy, it's virtually" b'worthless. imo, of course.' b'' b'yes, as a philosophy weak atheism is worthless. this is true in' b"exactly the same sense that as a philosophy christians' disbelief in" b'zeus is worthless. atheists construct their personal philosophies' b'from many different sources, building non-god-based ideas in the same' b'way as christians build non-zeus-based ideas of thunderbolts.' b'atheists no more *base* their philosophy on atheism than christians' b'base theirs on the nonexistence of zeus.' b'' b'the "weak atheist" position is logically extremely assailable any' b'logical demonstration of the existence of a god completely destroys it' b'as soon as the demonstration is made in the presence of a given weak' b'atheist. atheists in this newsgroup are barraged regularly with' b'attempts to provide such a logical demonstration, and they all fail' b'miserably. in fact, most of the people around here who claim the' b'"strong (as opposed to mathematical) atheist" position do so on this' b'basis: not only do we not believe in a god, but also all the arguments' b'presented in favor of particular gods have to date proven unsound;' b'therefore, one can say that those gods as argued by those arguments do' b"not exist. this doesn't apply to such philosophers' gods as are" b'defined to be logically undemonstrable, but these are not the gods of' b'popular religion, and the coherence of such claims is quite' b'questionable.' b'--' b'these are my opinions. for a nominal fee, they can be yours.' 