b'' b'' b'' b"| recently, i've asked myself a rather interesting question: what right does" b'| god have on our lives (always assuming there is a god, of course...!) b'' b'' b'he is god.' b'' b'in other words, the right of might.' b'' b"| in his infinite wisdom, he made it perfectly clear that if we don't live" b'| according to his rules, we will burn in hell. well, with what right can god' b'| make that desicion?' b'' b'he is god.' b'' b'in other words, the right of might.' b'' b"| let's say, for the sake of argument, that god creates every" b"| one of us (directly or indirectly, it doesn't matter.). what then happens, is" b"| that he first creates us, and then turns us lose. well, i didn't ask to be" b'| created.' b'' b'' b'god granted you the gift of life whether you were sinner or saint.' b'' b'in other words, he can do it, he did it, and your in no position to' b'argue about it.' b'' b"| let's make an analogue. if a scientist creates a unique living creature (which" b'| has happened, it was even patented...!!!), does he then have the right to' b'| expect it to behave in a certain matter, or die...?' b'' b'' b'the scientist creates the living creature to examine it, poke and prod it and' b'learn about its behaviour. he will kill it if it becomes a threat. for' b"example, let's say the scientist creates a tyrannosaurus rex and it breaks" b'free of its confines and starts devouring the population. the scientist' b'would not hesitate in killing it.' b'' b'god creates us to be his loving companions. he knows whether we are true in' b'our love for him or not. and he lets us know the consequences of rejecting him.' b'god cannot abide by sin. by rejecting god, a person becomes an enemy of god,' b'one that must be killed by him. note: i say that god and god alone is' b'worthy to be judge, jury and executioner. we are not called to carry out' b'such duties because we are not worthy.' b'' b'in other words, you better do what this god wants you to do, or else!' b'' b'| who is god to impose its rules on us who can tell if god is really so' b'| righteous as god likes us to believe? are all christians a flock of sheep,' b'| unable to do otherwise that follow the rest?' b'' b'' b"god is god. who are we to question the creator? if you doubt god's doing" b'in certain situations, do you claim to know a better solution? would you' b'be playing the role of god?' b'' b'in other words, its his game, he made the rules, and if you know whats' b"good for you you'll play his game his way." b'' b'' 