b'' b'(e. elizabeth bartley) writes:' b'' b'i can certainly see opposing the "amen" but that doesn\'t require' b'opposing a moment of silence.' b'' b'i already responded to this on one dimension, but afterthoughts cause' b'me to make another, independent reply. the problem with a "moment of' b'silence" is that it is not an even-handed way of "allowing" for religion' b'amongst students in the public schools. as i noted before, muslims need' b'more than a moment of silence in order to perform the prayers they are' b'required by muhammad to do. and (at least orthodox) jewish prayer also' b'has requirements that are not addressed by this.' b'' b'there is, in fact, a highly selective bias towards christian prayer in' b'this "moment of silence" shit. and that is especially bizarre in that' b"christian prayer doesn't need this stuff a christain may pray totally" b'incognito at any time (to some extent, this is true of muslims and jews' b'as well what i intend in my first paragraph is that there *are* some' b'characteristic forms of prayer in *these* religions which do need special' b'times and/or behavior, which cannot be undertaken without an observer' b'being able taking note of it.)' b'' b'a christian may pray, at any time silently and without any trace of' b'his activity being evident to others. that may or may not be true of the' b'other religious traditions amongst us: certainly, these tend to have some' b'forms of prayer that would evidence differences from american/protestant' b'"mainstream" religion.' b'' b'all that a "moment of silence" does is to allow that one tradition which' b'doesn\'t need it, to have a "special" place set aside in the public schools.' b'there is nothing in christian prayer that requires public forms, or rugs,' b'or phylacteries, or anything else at all visible to the outside world. a' b'christian student may (and probably does) pray at innumerable times during' b'the day, without anyone else knowing it. [that may also be true of non-' b'christians i am not claimng otherwise]. in the "moment of silence" it' b'would still be difficult for the jews to gather and daven, for the muslims' b'to do their ablutions and find qiblah to mecca and engage in the prescribed' b'forms. but *of course* christians can do *their* thing and therefore,' b'the provision is nothing but a disguised attempt to encourage just that.' b'' b'luckily, there *is* a strong jewish presence in this country (and i, as' b'a christian, revere some of the jewish teachers i had in public schools),' b'and a growing muslim presence as well. i can only hope that the political' b'forces consequent on this will prevent the imposition of christian forms' b'on non-christians.' b'' b'as far as i can see (as a christian) there is nothing in this "moment of' b'silence" campaign but an attempt to use public social pressure to force' b'children to adhere to a pattern that is biased towards christianity. and' b"as a christian, i *must* protest such coercion. for what it's worth, i" b'suspect that the coercion is not really targeted at the non-christians b'it is yet another case of failure amongst christian parents in "making"' b'their children prayerful, so that they want the public schools to teach' b'what they cannot manage to teach, despite having all the opportunity in' b'the world to do so.' b'' b'if you have taught your children to pray, they do not need a moment of' b'silence in school. if you have not managed to teach them, the moment' b'will only embarrass you. give it up.' b'--' b'michael l. siemon\t\ti say "you are gods, sons of the' b'- or -\t\t\tyou shall die like men, and fall' 