b'' b'' b'welcome to the peace run' b'' b"you're invited to join in" b'a global relay run... and' b'help light the way.' b'' b'' b'' b'---- why the peace run b'' b"there's a new spirit in the nineties: a spirit of oneness, a growing" b'belief in the possibility of true global peace.' b'' b'the goal of the sri chinmoy oneness-home peace run is simple: to' b'bring this spirit forward in a concrete way, to transform it into' b'a reality in their own lives.' b'' b'every other year, thousands of men, women and children from more' b'than nations passing a flaming peace torch from hand to hand b'join together in a relay run that virtually circles the globe.' b'transcending political and cultural boundaries, they go from' b'nation to nation across mountains, jungles and deserts carrying' b'the message of brotherhood to all humankind.' b'' b'each person who holds or runs with the peace torch lights a path' b'for those who follow. each time the peace torch changes hands, the' b'flame of oneness burns a little brighter until one day it will' b'shine in the hearts and minds of every individual on earth.' b'' b'' b'---- making history b'' b'the three peace runs since have achieved some historic break-' b'throughs: in the middle east, a landmark run crossed the egyptian-' b'israeli border; in europe, a precedent-setting run linked eastern' b'and western europe with russia; in the united states, mexico and' b'canada, entire cities were dedicated to the cause of world peace;' b'and in poland, the peace torch was blessed by pope john paul ii.' b'' b'' b'---- speaking as one: world b'---- leaders, celebrities and you b'' b'the peace run has won the support of leaders the world over b'presidents, prime ministers, religious leaders, sports figures and' b'entertainment personalities.' b'' b'its message has spread to a half billion people though newspaper' b'reports, magazine articles and radio and tv broadcasts, including' b"specials on pbs, mtv and nbc's today show." b'' b' "i am happy to support your peace run for justice, peace and' b'reconciliation. the world must know that god wants us to live' b'amicably as brothers and sisters, members of one family, the human' b'family, god\'s family." archbishop desmond tutu,' b'nobel peace prize winner' b'' b'' b'---- how it all works b'' b'peace run started with a five-borrough relay in new york' b'city on saturday april converging at various points to lead' b'up to the opening ceremony outside the united nations dag' b'hammarskjold building. there, runners from around the world' b'were gathered for the fourth lighting of the peace torch.' b'' b'from there, peace torches are now being transported to over' b'seventy countries for a series of concurrent international or' b'cross-country relay runs including the united states, canada,' b'japan, australia, russia and eastern and western europe. smaller' b'runs will take place in the philippines, mexico, israel, south' b'america, egypt and elsewhere in africa. distance to be covered:' b'31,000 miles.' b'' b'"the peace run wil do much to inspire the hearts and stimulate' b'the minds of those who support, participate in, witness, or hear' b'about the event." carl lewis,' b'six-time olympic gold medalist' b'' b'' b"---- who's behind it b'' b'the peace run is sponsored by the sri chinmoy marathon team, an' b'international running organization that believes sports can be a' b'powerful instrument for promoting world peace. each year the team' b'puts on hundreds of athletic events, including several world-class' b'ultramarathons, marathons and triathlons, in dozens of countries.' b'' b'the peace run itself is inspired by the global peace ambassador' b'sri chinmoy, who has written and lectured extensively on peace,' b'offered hundreds of free peace concerts and met with countless' b'world figures to advance the cause of international harmony.' b'' b'the run is managed by peace runs international, a non-profit' b'organization based in the united states.' b'' b'' b'---- take a step for peace b'' b'the peace runs in and attracted nearly half a' b"million participants. we're expecting even more people to join" b"peace run b'' b'you can also join the run carrying the peace torch a few steps,' b'a few blocks or a few miles. or you can come out and cheer the' b'runners as they carry the torch through your community.' b'' b'you can also join local celebrities and government officials in' b'one of the thousands of welcoming ceremonies scheduled along the' b'70-nation route.' b'' b"your inner support is important too. if you're a runner, each time" b'you go out, you can dedicate your run to the cause of world peace.' b'' b'' b'---- the next step is yours b'---- make it one for peace b'' b'' b'for information contact:' b'peace runs international' b'161-44 normal road' b'jamaica, ny usa' b'tel. fax: b'' b'peace run canada' b'2456 agricola street' b'halifax, nova scotia b3k 4c2' b'tel. fax: b'' b'or for the phone number or address of' b'a peace run office in your town or country,' b'reply to this message by e-mail.' 