b'' b'' b"[jesus' comments about how christians have to follow the ot deleted...]" b'' b"i will clarify my earlier quote. god's laws were originally written for" b'the israelites. jesus changed that fact by now making the law applicable to' b'all people, not just the jews. gentiles could be part of the kingdom of' b'heaven through the saving grace of god. i never said that the law was made' b'obsolete by jesus.' b'' b'exodus how many people have you put to death for working on' b'the sabbath?' b'' b'if anything, he clarified the law such as in that quote you made. in the' b'following verses, jesus takes several portions of the law and expounds upon' b"the law giving clearer meaning to what god intended. if you'll notice, he" b'also reams into the pharisees for mucking up the law with their own contrived' b'interpretations. they knew every letter of the law and followed it with their' b'heads but not their hearts. that is why he points out that our righteousness' b'must surpass that of the pharisees in order to be accepted into the kingdom' b'of heaven. people such as the pharisees are those who really go out of their' b'way to debate about the number of angels that can dance on the head of a pin.' b'they had become legalistic, rule-makers religious lawyers who practiced the' b'letter of the law but never really believed in it.' b'' b'leviticus how as that medium-rare steak last night?' b'' b"i think you will agree with me that there are in today's world, a lot of" b'modern-day pharisees who know the bible from end to end but do not believe' b'in it. what good is head knowledge if there is nothing in the heart?' b'' b'leviticus what did you wear to work friday?' b'' b"christianity is not just a set of rules; it's a lifestyle that changes one's" b"perspectives and personal conduct. and it demands obedience to god's will." b'' b'deutromony i can you can now justify discrimination.' b'' b'some people can live by it, but many others cannot or will not. that is their' b'choice and i have to respect it because god respects it too.' b'' b'right.' b'' b'god be with you,' b'' b'she is.' b'--' b'=my thoughts, my posts, my ideas, my responsibility, my beer, my pizza. ok???=' b'= "because i\'m the daddy. that\'s why." 