b'' b'wrote:' b' b' so are you happy now when people, including innocent kids,' b' died today?' b'' b" \tit's amazing how everyone automatically blames one side or the other." b' \tone thing for sure: koresh will have no chance to defend himself' b' \tagainst the statements (lacking in fact or court sponsored verification)' b' \tmade by agents who participated in the situation that killed him.' b'' b"frankly speaking i don't care who started this whole show. i just" b'feel sad about the children that were trapped, and had to die' b"for a case that didn't have any reason whatsoever. all mr." b'koresh could have done would have been to release these b'children.' b'' b'could he? and the first three that died, when guns ablazing in came' b'the batf and fbi?' b'' b'i imagine i would have some trouble giving up my children to' b'someone who had just shot what two of them?' b'' b'nb: it takes two sets of guns in a situation like this.' b'' b'' b'yes, i put the blame on koresh and similar fanatical religious' b'leaders that think more about their cause than about keeping' b'' b"fanatical: those whowill not tolerate another's way of life" b'religious: based on emotional, internal, or otherwise' b'lacking in commonly defined _scientific_ basis,' b'including legal ones, such as this old saw:' b'' b'innocent untilproven guilty' b'' b'not' b'innocent until presumed guilty' b'' b'who is the fanatic? note who is dead; this usually bespeaks' b'a fair bit for the idea that the other side also had lethal' b'weapons, used fatally.' b'' b'they are dead: the children.' b'at best koresh was an asshole and the government' b'criminally negligent in its hadni\\ling of the case.' b'' b'at worst, koresh and his followers were' b'innocent' b'not brainwashed' b'guilty of illegal arms possession' b'(as yet unproven)' b'and murderedd' b'along with children' b'they cannot speak for themselves' b'members of the (surviving, alive, and not burned' b'to death) batf/fbi can, and are' b'inappropriately' b'to the public eye' b'outside the bounds of their legal authorities' b'read the charter:' b'the constitution specifies that' b'the courts convict, while the' b'enforcement arm investigates,' b'and that the evidence involved' b'shuld not be disseminated in a' b'way to harm or injure a party' b'involved prior to that action;' b'its called slander or libel' b'(even where factually true butthen' b'distoted or disseminated with intent' b'to harm' b'for the purpose of covering their butts' b'' b'because the bottom line is:' b'they said they wanted the kids to get out' b'alive' b'and thefbi, the batf, ms. reno, the prez,' b'and everybody else in this' b'' b'sick' b'selfserving' b'group of upright animals' b'that used to be a freedom loving' b'peaceful country called' b'' b'america: look up the name,' b'it might surprise you' b'has turned the "point the finger of blame"' b'on the other guy.' b'' b'and let those kids die.' b'' b'note well: they lived days; they only' b'died when attacked by outside force.' b'' b"spock's world, diane duane:" b'' b'the spear in the heart of another' b'is the spear in your own b'' b'all of us are responsible.' b'' b'iam; you are. the question is not whether, but how:' b'' b'guess what: you get to make up your own mind' b'on that.' b'' b"children out from the war zone. i'm not ashamed of this statement." b'' b'who created the war zone? you should be ashamed of bypassing that.' b"it's the same damned (literally) comment made by the folks in" b'the former yugoslavia to justify ethnic cleansing:' b'' b'"gee, they had the guns, all they had to do was surrender".' b'' b'' b'to justify other means does not eliminate the fact that children' b'died for a cause that they should not have been part of.' b'' b'whose "cause" did they die for? the one where they lived,' b'peacibly, to all known purposes (until proven in court,' b'folks!), or the cuase of righteous government safeguarding' b'the freedom of the children' b'' b'who are now dead.' b'' b'' b'againi say:' b'' b'i do not know who did what' b'i was not there.' b'the fbi leaders show moral sickness trying to' b'convict in the press ahead of schedule' b'and you should look over your shoulder,' b'' b'becuase if there is anything my ruminations that' b'actually sets onto real fact of what happened' b'' b'and i do not know that; i am defending' b'people who ahving been burned to death cannot' b'speak for themselves' b'' b'you may, in years, find that the concept in our' b'court system has gone from' b'' b'due processss' b'' b'to' b'' b'due profit' b'' b'and the batf come to collect their fair share of the tax' b'on the value of your house if you rented it for income' b'' b'which is going down now, folks.' b'read bankruptcy b'its accurate in figures' b'and it bypasses the greedy' b'businessman and' b'mankers who have' b'taken profit from the corruption' b'of our govbernment.' b'' b'look to where the money went, folks.' b'' b'you got for medicare that paid a doctor for' b'$00.50 worth of medicine.' b'' b'this is the customaryprofitmargin' b'to businessmen for goernment entitlements.' b'' b'who wll own the land of the cult now? note well: it was nonproift,' b'religious, and nontaxable. large tract of land hmmm.' b'' b'use your brains, folks: it happened germany, and it can happen' b'here.' b'4.3 trillion (admitted) and counting....' b'' b'kent' b'' b'royc.' b'' b'---' b'' b'' 