b'' b'' b'\tthey cut off the water, there were no fire trucks present' b'' b'they refused to bring in fire equipment for fear that the firemen' b'would be shot at.' b'' b'and the fbi/atf go blasting holes into the builing and firing gas munitions.' b'' b'they used a tank to knock a hole in the wall, and they released' b'non-toxic, non-flammable tear gas into the building.' b'' b'take a second look at "non-toxic, non-flammable":' b'' b'mace (sold tothe public) is supposedly nontoxic.' b'whatthey do not tell you is that if you get mace directly' b'on the linings of the lungs (such as a direct snort to' b'the face) above certain quantities, it reacts similarly' b'to a mustard gas inhalation.' b'' b'i know: my father and grandfather were exposed' b'to poison gas in wwi and wwii; dad went through' b'the side effects of any weapon, including those' b'"non-toxic" aerosols.' b'' b'what the label actually means is b'' b'usually, it wont kill you' b'it may give you permanent css asthsma' b"but that's better than blowing a hole in your" b'head b'' b'all aerosols are flammable if you have enough oxygen' b'and hit it with the right igniter. some of the most' b'non-flammable substances known will boom or searflame' b'if you hit it with the right combo.' b'' b'' b"let's take one: a trash can fire. makes black smoke;" b"already burned right? can't go boom, right? wrong." b'' b'suck that smoke (made up of paper that has carbonized,' b'or burned about of the fuel in it) into an air' b'conditioning return, mix with about air, and light' b'a match. feet of conduit is about the same, when' b'filled with that smoke mixture, as oh, say pounds tnt' b'' b'that is why the fire codes say no open ceiling' b'tiles in buildings. because stories of' b'a building have blown out by "nonflammable _smoke_"' b'' b'so:' b'take a little "nonflammable aerosol"' b'mix with gasoline or kerosene fumes' b'' b'no electricity, remeber? a bit of heating' b'on the waco plains? boil water to drink' b'since the water was cut off?' b'' b'liberally mix and allow to settle for hours' b'' b'fumes vent down into the bus underground, and the davidians' b'move the children upstairs to a saferoom (they had one,' b'armor plated, remember?) to breath, because kids get sick' b'and die from tear gas.' b'' b'and along comes a tracer, a spark, what have you:' b'' b'everyone burns to death.' b'' b'try thinking before opening mouth: it may not have happened the' b'way the gmen say it did.' b'' b'' b'--' b'_/_/_/ brian kendig je ne suis fait comme aucun' b"_/_/ n'etre fait comme aucun de ceux qui existent." b' the meaning of life si je ne vaux pas mieux, au moins je suis autre.' b' is that it ends. rousseau' b'' b'' 