b'' b' when are we going to hear a christian answer to this question?' b'' b' in paraphrase:' b'' b' on what or whose authority do christians proclaim that they' b' are above the law and above the prophets major and minor) and not' b' accountable to the ten commandments of which jesus clearly spoke his opinion' b' in matthew what is the source of this pseudo-doctrine? who is' b' the pseudo-teacher? who is the great deceiver?' b'' b"ok, here's at least one christian's answer:" b'' b'jesus was a jew, not a christian. in this context matthew makes' b'sense. matt "do not think that i [jesus] came to abolish the law or' b'the prophets; i did not come to abolish, but to fulfill." jesus lived' b'under the jewish law. however, he was the culmination of the promises' b'of the prophets. he came to *fulfill* the prophecies and fully obey' b"god's purposes." b'' b'verse says "for truly i say to you, until heaven and earth pass' b'away, not the smallest letter or stroke shall pass away from the law,' b'until all is accomplished." the key to this verse imho is the last' b'phrase. jesus, as the fulfillment of the law, "accomplished" what the' b'law was supposed to accomplish.' b'' b'verse "whoever then annuls one of the least of these commandments,' b'and so teaches others, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven;' b'but whoever keeps and teaches them, he shall be called great in the' b'kingdom of heaven." taken in the context of jesus teaching jewish' b'people about living lives under the law, this makes sense.' b'' b'in general, it appears that jesus is responding to some criticism he' b'must have received about "doing away with the law." that was not' b"jesus' intent at all. he had come to earth to live the law as it" b'should be lived and fulfill the promises made by god to his' b'people all the way back to eve [gen 3:15-the serpent will bruise your' b'heel, but *he* will bruise his head.] jesus appeared to be "doing' b'away with the law" because he did not honor the traditions of men as' b'equal to the law of god. he regularly locked horns with the religious' b'leaders of the day because he would not conform to *their* rules, only' b"god's law." b'' b'in the matthew passage jesus is defending his dedication to the law' b'and defending himself against his accusors. almost the entire sermon' b'on the mount (matt. is dedicated to helping the jewish people' b'understand the true intent of the law, sweeping away the clutter which' b'had been introduced by the pharasees and their traditions.' b'' b'in galatians paul describes the relationship of jesus to the' b'law in this way:' b'' b'[23] but before faith came, we were kept in custody under the law, being' b'shut up to the faith which was later to be revealed. therefore' b'the law has become our tutor to lead us to christ, that we may be' b'justified by faith. but now that faith has come, we are no' b'longer under a tutor. for you are all sons of god through faith' b'in christ jesus.' b'' b'i believe this says that after christ was revealed, the law had' b'served it\'s purpose, i.e. "our tutor to lead us to christ," and' b'now, "we are no longer under a tutor." the law has been "fulfilled"' b'as christ said he would do.' b'' b'god, the author of the old law, and the christ/man, jesus, are the same' b'personality. therefore, the old law and the new testament (the "last' b'will and testament" of jesus) are based on the same moral principles.' b'it makes sense that many of the principles in the old law are' b're-expressed in christianity.' b'' b"on the other hand, now that the law has fulfilled it's purpose and" b'christians relate to god through christ, not the law, it also makes' b'sense that new practices and new symbolisms were established to' b'represent the "mysteries" of this new relationship. i.e. baptism' b"representing christ's death, burial, and resurrection (rom. b"the lord's supper as a memorial to his sacrifice (i cor. and" b'sunday as a day of worship commemorating his resurrection (matt 28:1ff,' b'acts b'' b"ok, that's one christian's explanation. i don't claim to have all" b'these issues completely settled even in my own mind and i welcome' b'other christians to offer other alternatives.' b'' b'please excuse the long posting. thanks for your interest if you have read' b'this far...' b'' b'john nunnally' 