b'' b'can a theist be truly objective? can he be impartial' b'when questioning the truth of his scriptures, or' b'will he assume the superstition of his parents' b'when questioning?' b'' b"i've often found it to be the case that the theist" b'will stick to some kind of superstition when' b"wondering about god and his scriptures. i've" b'seen it in the christian, the jew, the muslim,' b'and the other theists alike. all assume that' b'their mothers and fathers were right in the' b'aspect that a god exists, and with that belief' b'search for their god.' b'' b'occasionally, the theist may switch religions or' b'aspects of the same religion, but overall the' b'majority keep to the belief that some "creator"' b"was behind the universe's existence. i've" b'known muslims who were once christians and vice' b"versa, i've known christians who were once" b"jewish and vice versa, and i've even known" b'christians who become hindu. yet, throughout' b'their transition from one faith to another,' b"they've kept this belief in some form of higher" b'"being." why?' b'' b'it usually all has to do with how the child is' b'brought up. from the time he is born, the' b'theist is brought up with the notion of the' b'"truth" of some kind of scripture-- the bible,' b"the torah, the qur'an, etc. he is told" b'of this wondrous god who wrote (or inspired)' b'the scripture, of the prophets talked about in' b'the scripture, of the miracles performed, etc.' b'he is also told that to question this (as' b'children are apt to do) is a sin, a crime' b'against god, and to lose belief in the scrip-' b"ture's truth is to damn one's soul to hell." b'thus, by the time he is able to read the' b'scripture for himself, the belief in its "truth"' b'is so ingrained in his mind it all seems a' b'matter of course.' b'' b"but it doesn't stop there. once the child is able" b'to read for himself, there is an endeavor to' b'inculcate the child the "right" readings of' b'scripture, to concentrate more on the pleasant' b'readings, to gloss over the worse ones, and to' b'explain away the unexplainable with "mystery."' b'circular arguments, "self-evdent" facts and' b'"truths," unreasoning belief, and fear of' b'hell is the meat of religion the child must eat' b'of every day. to doubt, of course, means wrath' b'of some sort, and the child must learn to put' b'away his brain when the matter concerns god.' b'all of this has some considerable effect on the' b'child, so that when he becomes an adult, the' b"superstitions he's been taught are nearly" b'impossible to remove.' b'' b'all of this leads me to ask whether the theist can' b'truly be objective when questioning god, hell,' b'heaven, the angels, souls, and all of the rest.' b'can he, for a moment, put aside this notion that' b'god *does* exist and look at everything from' b'a unbiased point of view? obviously, most' b'theists can somewhat, especially when presented' b'with "mythical gods" (homeric, roman, egyptian,' b'& etc.). but can they put aside the assumption' b"of god's existence and question it impartially?" b'' b'stephen' b'' b'_/_/_/_/ atheist' b'_/ libertarian' b'_/_/_/_/ pro-individuality' b'_/ pro-responsibility' b'_/_/_/_/ jr. and all that jazz...' b'' b'' b'' b'--' 