b'' b'' b'rick anderson writes:' b'' b'ra robert, you keep making references to "orthodox" belief, and saying' b'ra things like "it is held that..." (cf. "kermit" thread). on what' b'ra exact body of theology are you drawing for what you call "orthodox?"' b'' b'"orthodox" is a compound word. it comes from \'orthos\' (straight, true,' b"right) and from 'doxa' (opinion, doctrine, teaching). i use orthodox to" b"refer to 'right teaching.' right teaching is derived from letting god" b'speak to us through the bible. this can be from reading simple truths' b'in the scriptures and by using the bible to interpret the bible.' b'' b'ra who is that "holds that" luke meant what you said he meant?' b'' b'i think that it is apparent from reading the scriptures that are' b'pertinent.' b'' b"luke records christ's promise to the repentant thief who hung on" b'an adjacent cross: "truly i say to you, today you will be with me in' b'paradise." but was it not until later that christ rose from the dead' b'and ascended to heaven? if christ himself was not in heaven until' b'sunday, how could the repentant thief have been there with him? the' b'answer lies in the location of "paradise" when jesus died.' b'' b'apparently paradise was not exalted to heaven until easter day.' b'' b'jesus refers to it in the middle of the story of the rich man and' b'lazarus as "abraham\'s bosom," to which the godly beggar lazarus was' b'carried by the angels after his decease (luke thus' b'"abraham\'s bosom" referred to the place where the souls of the redeemed' b"waited till the day of christ's resurrection." b'' b'it was not yet lifted to heaven but it may well have been a section of' b'hades (hebrew: sheol), reserved for believers who had died in the faith' b'but would not be admitted into the glorious presence of god in heaven' b'until the price of redemption had actually been paid on calvary; or' b'even that none would precede the presence of jesus back to glory with' b'the father.' b'' b'doubtless it was the infernal paradise that the souls of jesus and the' b'repentant thief repaired after they each died on friday afternoon. but' b'on sunday, after the risen christ had first appeared to mary magdalene' b'(john and her two companions (matthew presumably he then' b'took up with him to glory all the inhabitants of infernal paradise' b'(including abraham, lazarus, and the repentant thief). we read in' b'ephesians concerning christ: "ascending on high, he led captivity' b'captive; he gave gifts unto men." verse continues: "but what does `he' b"ascended' mean but that he also descended to the lowest parts of the" b'earth?" -i.e., to hades. verse adds: "he who descended is the same' b'as he who ascended above all the heavens." presumably he led the whole' b'band of liberated captives from hades (i.e., the whole population of' b'preresurrection paradise) up to the glory of heaven.' b'' b'ra whenever your personal interpretation of biblical passages is' b'ra challenged, your only response seems to be that one needs merely to' b'ra "look at the bible" in order to see the truth, but what of those who' b'ra see biblical things differently from you?' b'' b"i think that this characterization is faulty. whenever my 'personal" b"interpretation' is questioned, i usually give a reason." b'' b'as for those that see things differently, please, put forward where' b'there is a valid difference, and we can discuss it.' b'' b'i seem to be seeing from you the notion that any difference in how one' b'views the bible is somehow legitimate, except, or course, for the stuff' b'that i glean from it. put forward a contrary view and perhaps we can' b'have a discussion on that topic. but to decry something that i put' b'forward, without putting forward something else to discuss, and to' b'dismiss what i put forward while giving credence to other alleged views' b'that have yet to be put forward is simply being contentious.' b'' b'ra are we to simply assume that you are the only one who really' b'ra understands it?' b'' b'if you believe that something that i have drawn from scripture is' b'wrong, then please, show me from scripture where it is wrong. simply' b'stating that there are other views is not a proof. show it to me from' b'scripture and then we can go on.' b'' b'' b'=============================' b'robert weiss' 