b'' b'' b' let us not limit' b" 'misc.taoism' to 'philosophy'." b'' b"but if we don't limit it to *something*, the discussion degenerates into" b'a big amorphous glob.' b'' b'hmm...are you a taoist? imposing limits *does* do something useful...it gives' b'you something to go beyond.' b'' b'it seems to me that these questions more properly fall into the' b'category of "general metaphysics". i would prefer any misc.taoism' b'to deal more closely with topics and works more closely associated' b'with at least "semi-orthodox" taoism: with established classic works' b"definitely included and works like mantak chia's argued about!" b'' b'i tend to be a bit critical of any stratification of taoism. i especially' b'tend to frown on any suggestion that "orthodoxy" or "classics" have any' b'special place in tao.' b'' b'i think "neo-taoism" should be excluded or get its own group (what i' b'mean by this is "humpty-dumpty taoism", in which taoism means whatever' b'a poster says it means.) this "alt.taoism" could also be a refuge' b'for debates about what "taoism *really* means" or speculations on sexual' b'alchemy, etc..' b'' b'so rather than debate what "taoism *really* means" you are suggesting that' b"we take someone else's word for it and work thusly? i'd rather not, thank" b'you.' b'' b'what\'s happening is that that the term "taoism" is becoming' b'completely polluted and trivialized like the words "magic", "alchemy",' b'"zen," etc., by writers appropriating the word to mean whatever they' b'want. this is seen by the spate of new age books entitled "the' b'tao of" this, that, and everything else.' b'' b'whereas you, of course, have a clear idea of what the word means? can' b'you tell the tao? b'' b'any other comments/ideas? i look forward to seeing them. on balance,' b'i say let misc.taoism rip and let the chips fall where they may.' b'' b'wonderful idea.' b'' b'it just gets filled up with college freshmen asking about the' b'tao of sex then it will have been a failure and people will post to' b'these groups just as they do now.' b'' b'only if you choose to define failure in that way. or to define it at all.' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'i believe in the flesh and the appetites,' b'seeing hearing and feeling are miracles,' b'and each part and tag of me is a miracle.' b'-- walt whitman' 