b'' b'' b' b' b' with the southern baptist convention convening this june to consider' b' the charges that freemasonry is incompatible with christianity, i thought' b' the following quotes by mr. james holly, the anti-masonic flag carrier,' b' would amuse you all...' b' b' b' the following passages are exact quotes from "the southern' b' baptist convention and freemasonry" by james l. holly, m.d., president' b' of mission and ministry to men, inc., n 10th st., beaumont, tx' b' b' b' <much drivel deleted' b' "jesus christ never commanded toleration as a motive for his' b' disciples, and toleration is the antithesis of the christian message."' b' page b' b' "the central dynamic of the freemason drive for world unity' b' through fraternity, liberty and equality is toleration. this is seen' b' in the writings of the \'great\' writers of freemasonry". page b' <more drivel deleted' b' i hope you all had a good laugh! i know *i* did! <g,' b' b' b' tony' b' a laugh? tony, this religeous bigot scares the shit out of me, and that' b' any one bothers to listen to him causes me to have grave doubts about the' b' future of just about anything. shades of the branch davidians, jim jones,' b' and charlie manson.' b'' b' --uncle wolf' b' --member highland lodge f&am (grand lodge of california)' b' --babtized a southern babtist' b' --and one who has beliefs beyond the teachings of either.' b'' b' b' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'not to worry. the masons have been demonized and harrassed by almost' b'every major xian church there is. for centuries now. and still they' b'stand. they wil withstand the miserable southern boobtists, i am sure.' b'they may even pick up a little support as people start to listen to the' b'boobtists and realize that subtracting the obvious lies and claims of' b'satanism that the masons sound pretty good by comparison. one thing is' b'known. a sizable proportion of southern babtists are masons! and the' b'masons have already fired back in their own magazines against the' b'boobtist witch-hunt.' b'since the consrervatives have already been a divisive element with' b'their war on boobtist moderates and liberals, they may now start in on' b'their mason/boobtist brothers and hasten their own downfall as more and' b"more southern boobtists realize their church can't stand being run by a" b'handful of clowns looking for holy civil wars and purity tests and drop' b"'em out of the leadership positions they have taken over." b'so as far as i am concerned, the louder, ruder, and more outrageous' b'an anti-masonic crusade these old goats mount, the better.' b'' b'pop some pocorn and get a center row seat. the circus is about to begin.' b'and, oh look! here come the clowns!' b'' b'' b'pope charles slack!' b'' b'------------------' b"origin: the brewers' witch bbs houston, tx 