b'' b' kent, with regards to the information contained in the bible (which' b' is the original context of this thread), brian kendig is inside a huge' b' wall. brian *is* inside. the bible and the information contained therein' b' are outside the wall. brian kendig proves this very sad fact by the' b' absurd things he says. for example, "if i get through into the firey' b' pit, i will cease to exist." the bible doesn\'t say that. he hasn\'t' b' a clue even to what jesus said about hell. that is but one example.' b'' b'looking at your discussion i would say that you both operate' b"from your own reference frame. there's no inside and no outside," b'there are just two polarized views. as for statements inside the' b"bible, things are still not that clear, we don't have any indications" b'for instance why jobs was placed in the old testament, one of the' b'few books that actually talks about satan. jobs is very much out' b"of line with the rest of the ot books, and there's a chance that" b'someone added this book later into the group of ot scriptures.' b'' b' now in your sense, kent, of sensing reality--that is a different' b' matter. and to you and to brian, relativity does play a big role.' b' what we perceive to be true, depends on our vantage point. since i' b" have read the bible, and brian kendig shows that he hasn't, he has" b' a narrower perspective than mine (at least in the respect' b' of knowledge of the bible). i am proposing to brian, "brian, come up here' b' and take a look from this vantage point." but brian replies, "i rather' b' not thank you. i am content where i am. besides, the vista from up' b' there stinks." and in the meanwhile, brian ignores the facts that' b' he has never up there nor does he realize i had shared the same' b' plateau where brian now stands.' b'' b'this operates the other way around as well. you have to understand' b'the mind of an atheist, agnostic, or as in my case, a radical' b"relativist. if you don't understand the underlying concepts, it is" b"pretty hard to continue with a dialogue. i'm not a perfect christian," b'however about years of christian teaching should have provided' b'me with a pretty good picture of the christian mind frame.' b'' b'cheers,' b'kent' b'' b'---' 