b'' b' btw, the parallel universe approach implys an element of mind in the' b' very physical reality of the universe.' b'' b'this sounds interesting... but what exactly do you mean?' b'' b'well, the best thing to do is to read the book "parallel universes"' b'by dr. fred wolf.' b'' b'in essence, dr. wolf says that one interpretation of the sub-atomic' b'particle/wave duality is that what we perceive as a wave is actually' b'an infinate number of parallel universes overlaid, and in each of' b'these universes there is a particle in a different location. when we' b'do something to make a particle "appear," we are actually causing' b'all the parallel universes to collapse into one. apparently this is' b'one line of thought on the nature of qm, that is going through some' b'of the scientific community.' b'' b'dr. wolf (and many others) claim that somehow the collapse is caused' b'by the mental effort of observing the particle. this implys that' b'mind is more than merely a biological phenomenon. he then extrapolates' b'that if mind is an integral part of the universe, then perhaps consciousness' b'is the element that gives order and form to the universe(s) it/themself(s).' b'' b'it all gets rather interesting, but what i find facinating is that' b'this would explain the phenomenon of "magick" as practiced in my' b'religion. dr. wolf speculates that the ordering functionality of mind' b'could be caused by the selection of a future from an infinite number of' b'possible futures; he says that this might be done by some sort of' b'communication between ones current, and possible future selves.' b'i have long speculated that if magick is not merely a form of self' b'delusion then perhaps it could be caused by some sort of a selection' b'of one of many possible futures.' b'' b'i realize that this gets pretty bizarre, but it never hurts to keep' b'an open mind and at least file it all away as another possibile' b'explaination of the world in which we find ourselves. after all, the' b'more we learn about the universe in which we live, the more we learn' b'that it is truly a very strange place.' b'' b'nanci' b'' b'eric' b'' 