b'' b' since everywhere i look, zoroaster is suggested as being a probable' b" descendant of daniel; suppose you prove he wasn't." b'' b'zoroaster is far older than daniel. if anything, one could claim that,' b'in a sense, daniel is a descendant of zoroaster; as daniel, though being' b'hebrew, has assimilated into zoroastrianism and has successfully' b'introduced the religion into the tanakh of judaism. [however, the majority' b'of the book is in hellenistic aramaic (not babylonian aramaic) and only has' b'kethuvim or writing status.]' b'' b'ref: encyclopedia of religion, mircea eliade:' b'' b"daniel, or, in hebrew, daniyye'l; hero of the biblical book that bears his name." b'daniel is presented as a jew in the babylonian exile who achieved notoriety in' b'the royal court for his dream interpretations and cryptography and for his' b"salvation from death in a lion's pit. he also appears in the last chapters of" b"the book as the revealer of divine mysteries and of the timetables of israel's" b'restoration to national-religious autonomy. as a practitioner of oneiromancy in' b'the court, described in daniel (written in the third person), daniel per-' b'forms his interpretations alone, while as a visionary-apocalyptist, in daniel' b'7-12 (written in the first person), he is in need of an angel to help him' b'decode his visions and mysteries of the future. it is likely that the name' b'daniel is pseudonymous, a deliberate allusion to a wise and righteous man known' b'from ugaritic legend and earlier biblical tradition. (ez. b'the authorship of the book is complicated not only by the diverse narrative' b'voices and content but by its language: daniel 1:1-2:4a and are written in' b'hebrew, whereas daniel 2:4b-7:28 is in aramaic. the language division parallels' b'the subject division (daniel concerns legends and dream interpretations;' b'7-12 concerns apocalyptic visions and interpretations of older prophecies). the' b'overall chronological scheme as well as internal thematic balances (daniel b'is chiliastically related) suggest an attempt at redactional unity. after the' b'prefatory tale emphasizing the life in court and the loyalty of daniel and some' b'youths to their ancestral religion, a chronological ordering is discernable: a' b'sequence from king nebuchadrezzar to darius is reported (dn. much of' b'this royal dating and even some of the tales are problematic: for example,' b"daniel speaks of nebuchadrezzar's transformation into a beast, a story that" b'is reported in the qumran scrolls of nabonidus; belshazzar is portrayed as the' b'last king of babylon, although he was never king; and darius is called a mede' b'who conquered babylon and is placed before cyrus ii of persia, although no such' b'darius is known (the medes followed the persians, and darius is the name of' b'several persian kings). presumably the episodes of daniel depicting a' b'series of monarchical reversals, episodes of ritual observances, and reports of' b'miraculous deliverances were collected in the seleucid period (late fourth to' b'mid-second century bce) in order to reinvigorate waning jewish hopes in divine' b'providence and encourage steadfast faith.' b'the visions of daniel reporting events from the reign of belshazzar to' b'that of cyrus ii (but actually predicting the overthrow of seleucid rule in' b'palestine), were collected and published during the reign of antiochus iv prior' b'to the maccabean revolt, for it was then (beginning in bce) that the jews' b'were put to the test concerning their allegiance to judaism and their ancestral' b'traditions, and many refused to desecrate the statues of moses and endured a' b"martyr's death for their resolute trust in divine dominion. all of the visions" b'of daniel dramatize this dominion in different ways: for example, via images of' b'the enthronement of a god of judgment, with a "son of man" invested with rule' b'(this figure was interpreted by jews as michael the archangel and by christians' b'as christ), in chapter via zodiacal images of cosmic beasts with bizarre' b'manifestations, as in chapter or via complex reinterpretations of ancient' b'prophecies, especially those of jeremiah as found in daniel b'the imagery of the four beasts in chapter (paralleled by the image of four' b'metals in chapter representing four kingdoms to be overthrown by a fifth' b'monarchy of divine origin, is one of the enduring images of the book; it sur-' b'vived as a prototype of jewish and christian historical and apocalyptic schemes' b'to the end of the middle ages. the role and power of this imagery in the' b'fifteenth and sixteenth century work of the exegete isaac abravanel, the' b'scientist isaac newton, and the philosopher jean bodin and among the fifth' b'monarchy men of seventeenth century england, for example, is abiding testimony' b'to the use of this ancient topos in organizing the chiliastic imagination of' b'diverse thinkers and groups. the schema is still used to this day by various' b'groups predicting the apocalyptic advent.' b'the encouragement in the face of religious persecution that is found and' b'propagandized in daniel contains a remarkable reinterpretation of isaiah' b'52:13-53:12, regarding the suffering servant of god not as all israel but as' b'the select faithful. neither the opening stories about daniel and the youths nor' b'the final martyrological allusions advocate violence or revolt; they rather' b'advocate a stance of piety, civil disobedience, and trustful resignation.' b'victory for the faithful is in the hands of the archangel michael, and the' b'martyrs will be resurrected and granted astral immortality. persumably the' b'circles behind the book were not the same as the maccabean fighters and may' b'reflect some proto-pharisaic group of hasidim, or pietists. the themes of' b'resistance to oppression, freedom of worship, preservation of monotheistic' b'integrity, the overthrow of historical dominions, and the acknowledgement of' b'the god of heaven recur throughout the book and have served as a token of' b'trust for the faithful in their darkest hour.' b'' b'zarathushtra, founder of the religion know as zoroastrianism or mazdaism (from' b'mazda or ahura mazda, the name of the god prophesied by zarathushtra.) the' b'etymology and history of zarathushtra, the avestan and oldest form of the name,' b'as uncertain, both in various iranian languages and in related forms else-' b'where. there may have been an old persian form, zara-ushtra, from which the' b'greek form, zoroastres, may be derived, and there may have existed an old' b'iranian form, zarat-ushtra, to which may be linked the middle iranian zrdrwsht,' b'several middle persian forms (such as zrtwsht), and the new persian zardusht.' b'we can state with certainty only that the second half of the name, ushtra,' b'means "camel." the form zoroaster, derived from the greek zoroastres, was used' b'traditionally in european culture until the eighteenth century, when' b'zarathustra, closer to the original (and as found in nietzsche), came into' b'common use after the rediscovery of the avesta, the collection of sacred books' b'of zoroastrianism, and the resulting studies in iranian philology. [see avesta.]' b'notwithstanding the great and continued popularity of zarathushtra, even in' b'western culture, the sources available to us are few, extremely fragmented,' b'and heterogeneous. our principle sources are the five gathas ("songs"),' b'attributed to zarathushtra himself and included in the yasna section of the' b'avesta: gatha ahunavaiti (yasna gatha ushtavaiti (yasna gatha' b'spentamainyu (yasna gatha vokukhshathra (yasna and gatha' b'vashishtoishti (yasna the last of which was probably written after the' b"prophet's death." b'other sources of considerable, albeit varying, importance are the younger' b'avesta and the remaining zoroastrian religious literature, in particular the' b'pahlavi texts of the ninth and tenth centures ce. although the achaemenid' b'inscriptions (sixth to fourth centures bce) never mention zarathushtra, he is' b'mentioned by some greek sources of the time (not, however, by herodotus, who' b'seems unaware of him).' b'the avesta does not provide any direct or explicit data concerning the true' b'chronological history of zarathushtra. but the text is useful in an indirect' b'way, as it clearly implies that the environment in which zoroastrianism arose' b'was not that of iran under the medes or the persians. the greek sources, on the' b'other hand, do provide some information concerning the time of zarathushtra,' b'although from a historical point of view they are unreliable. some place him' b'six thousand years before the trojan war (xanthus of lydia, eudoxus of cnidus,' b'hermippus, hermodorus, aristotle, plutarch, diogenes laertius, and pliny). the' b'account by xanthus of lydia, however, has also been interpreted by some to mean' b'six hundred, rather than six thousand, years before the expedition of xerxes' b'against greece. this interpretation is favored by diogenes laertius, who makes' b'reference to xanthus, but although a few scholars (a. s. shabazi, helmut' b'humbach) have recently attempted to rehabilitate it under various pretexts, it' b'is generally rejected.' b'although the historical value of the greek sources is negligible, they are' b'nonetheless important in that they show that the millenarian doctrine of history' b'of the cosmos had already been developed in iran by the achaemenid period, as' b'the above account would seem to demonstrate. they also show that by this time' b'zarathushtra was already seen as an almost mythical figure, one from an' b'extremely distant past. all of this leads to the conclusion that the prophet' b'could not have belonged to a historical period contemporary with, or even close' b'to, that of the achaemenids.' b'later zoroastrian sources, the pahlavi texts, do provide an absolute chrono-' b'logy for zarathushtra, one that was also accepted by some arab authors. accord-' b'ing to these sources, zarathushtra lived or years before alexander.' b'again, scholars are divided on the validity of the chronology; some view it as' b'historically reliable while others believe that it is devoid of historical' b'justification. the most convincing arguments, however, seem to support the' b'latter position. the figure of years is accurate only on the surface' b'because it represents, in fact, the more general one of which was employed' b"by sasanid propagandists to locate zarathushtra's lifetime roughly around the" b'beginning of iranian domination. for a number of reasons connected with complex' b'problems inherent in the iranian chronology, there was also a desire on the' b'part of the sasanid propagandists to avoid any millenarian threat. in this' b'context, zarathushtra, whom tradition places early in the ninth millennium after' b'the beginning of the cosmos, converted vishtaspa at the age of forty-two, and' b"vishtaspa's conversion was viewed by some as the beginning of the millennium" b'(thus explaining the double date of and years before alexander).' b'given the unreliability of the few available sources, we are forced to' b'reconstruct an absolute chronology on the basis of other elements, principally' b'on the contention that zarathushtra must have lived a few centuries before cyrus' b'the great, cambyses, and darius, as there is no mention in the avesta of the' b'great political achievements that took place in western iran in the middle of' b'the first millennium bce. nor is there any mention of the history of that' b'period, which was to lead iran to a position of such predominance. at the same' b'time, for a number of reasons, going back much further in history would not be' b'justified. consequently, the traditionally accepted theory of placing zara-' b'thushtra around the beginning of the first millennium bce appears to be the' b'most legitimate.' b"as to zarathushtra's land of origin, many scholars agree, on the basis of" b'valid arguments, that he must have come from eastern iran. some have held that' b'he was a mede, largely because of a late iranian tradition linking zarathushtra' b'with azerbaijan, but also because of linguistic reasons, based on the language' b'of the avesta. this hypothesis, however, should be discarded, as we can suppose,' b'both on historical and linguistic grounds, that zarathushtra came from the east,' b'even though we do not know precisely from which region. there is a considerable' b'variety of opinion on this particular matter, including the improbable view' b'that he came from chorasmia, or present-day khorezm, or from a wider chorasmian' b'region, reaching as far as the oases of merv and herat. most likely, however,' b"zarathushtra's land of origin is somewhere in the vast area stretching from the" b'hindu kush mountain range to the more southern regions of bactria and arachosia' b'(modern qandahar), as well as drangiana (the area of lake helmand). it would' b'thus be located in what is now afghanistan or in the border regions of iran.' b'zarathushtra himself tells us that he belonged to the priestly caste (yasna' b'33.6). he was a zaotar (cf. sanskrit hotr), that is, a priest belonging to a' b'specific group connected with a school that produced very elaborate and learned' b'religious poetry. even in the so-called younger avesta he is described as an' b'athravan (yashts a more general term encompassing the entire priestly' b'caste. to enter it he had undergone a long and rigid training, which he used' b'to lend dignity (as in the gathas) to the contents of his new message, the' b'product of a great and original ethical mind.' b'zarathushtra also belongs to that venerable priestly tradition, linking india' b'to iran in another way, by centering his teachings on the praise of the ashavan,' b'or "possessor of asha," that is, the one who, as in the vedic rtavan, seeks' b'truth and masters it, thus becoming ashavan in this life almost an initiate b'and blessed after death. any good follower of such teachings seeks the "vision' b'of asha," just as those chosing the right path in vedic india aspired to the' b'"vision of the sun," a manifestation of rta. behind these concepts and this' b'language lies the great tradition of "aryan mysticism," that is, of indo-iranian' b'mysticism.' b"zarathushtra's greatness, however, does not lie in his having belonged to a" b'particular religious tradition. rather, it lies in the innovation and strength' b'of his message, which was in itself a break in the tradition, one that force-' b'fully and effectively introduced two great revolutionary ideas: dualistic' b'monotheism (the wise lord who fathers two twin spirits, the beneficent and the' b'evil); and the expectation of a transfiguration (av., frashokereti; pahl.,' b'frashgird) of life and existence. [see frashokereti]' b'both his monotheistic and dualistic ideas and his particular soteriological' b"doctrine deeply separate zarathushtra's teachings from the indo-iranian tradi-" b'tions of his upbringing. they exemplify his rebellion against a formalistic' b'and ritualistic religion that did not provide adequate answers to the problem' b'of evil. because of his basic tenets, zarathushtra, who advocated an inward' b'religiosity and the right of the individual to resist the imperatives of tradi-' b'tion, can be numbered among the greatest of religious figures.' b"another original facet of zarathushtra's message, one that is not easy to" b'understand but which, however, holds the key to a deeper understanding of the' b'complex intellectual and poetic structure of the gathas, is the doctrine of the' b'amesha spentas, the "beneficent immortals." these are spiritualizations of the' b'abstract notions of good thought, best truth, desirable power, bounteous' b'devotion, wholeness, and immortality, all of which operate according to a' b'system of interrelations and correlations and can simultaneously be the' b'manifestations of a divinity and of human virtue. [see amesha spentas.]' b'other than the names of his father, pourushaspa ("possessing gray horses"),' b'and of his mother, dughdova ("one who has milked"), we know almost nothing of' b"zarathushtra's life. a late pahlavi text also give the names of four brothers." b'according to tradition, zarathushtra left home at the age of twenty, and at' b'thirty he was subject to a revelation, both through an intense and powerful' b'inspiration and through a vision. only after ten years had passed, however, did' b'he succeed in converting a cousin of his, maidhyoimah, to his beliefs. he was' b'strongly opposed in his native land by kavis, karapans, and usijs, priestly' b'groups associated with traditional teachings and practices. this hostility' b'caused him to leave his region (yasna and to seek refuge at the court of' b'kavi vishtaspa, a ruler who had been converted to the new religion together with' b'his wife, hutaosa, when the prophet, according to tradition, was forty-two' b'years old. we also know the name of a son, isat vastra ("desiring pastures"),' b'and of three daughters born of his first wife, as well as the names of two more' b'sons, urvatatnara ("commanding men") and hvarecithra ("sun-faced"), born of' b'his second wife, hvovi, a member of the influential hvogva ("possessing good' b'cattle") family. two other figures belonging to the hvogva family are mentioned:' b"frashaoshtra and jamaspa, the former as hvovi's father, and the latter as the" b'husband of the third daughter of the prophet, pouruchista ("very thoughtful"),' b'whose wedding is celebrated in the fifth hymm in the gathas (yasna again,' b'according to tradition, zarathushtra died at the age of seventy-seven. he was' b'assassinated by a karapan, a priest of the old religion, who belonged to the' b'tuirya tribe and was called tur i bradres (his name is known only in the pahlavi' b'form).' b"the paucity of information on the prophet's life is compensated by a tradi-" b'tion, rich in legendary detail, that arose through the centuries in zoroastrian' b'communities. the main texts documenting the tradition are the seventh book of' b'the denkard, a pahlavi work dating from the ninth century ce, as well as' b'passages from other pahlavi texts and a new persian work from the thirteenth' b'century, the zarathusht-nama (book of zarathushtra), written by zaratusht-i' b'bahram-i pazhdu. mythical and ritual elements prevail in the later legends about' b'zarathushtra, which idealize him into a symbol and make him the archetype of the' b'perfect man.' b"zarathushtra's great popularity in the ancient world continued throughout the" b'renaissance until the enlightenment. during the classical and hellenistic' b'periods he was viewed as a wise man, a typical representative of an "alien' b'wisdom," a master of the secrets of heaven and earth, a seer, astrologer,' b'psychologist, and wonder worker. pythagorean thinkers went so far as to see the' b'influence of zarathushtra on pythagoras himself, and the academicians always' b'openly admired the persian thinker who founded the school of the magi and' b'advocated a doctrine of dualism. earliest christianity viewed zarathushtra as' b'a precursor of the christian faith, one who not only prophesied, as had the' b'biblical prophets, the advent of the messiah but also predicted the supernatural' b'sign of his coming, the star that was to appear in the east and guide the three' b'magi to the manger in bethlehem. [see magi.] this christian interpretation is' b'derived from the zoroastrian doctrine of the saoshyant, the savior of the' b'future. [see saoshyant.] later, however, religious struggles arose during the' b'sasanid empire in persia (third to seventh centuries ce), which linked the' b"spread of christianity with the roman empire. zarathushtra's popularity in the" b'christian world began to decline. the iranian prophet, who had been praised' b'often by the gnostic schools and who had been seen by mani as one of the three' b'great messengers from the past, was now seen, instead, as a leader of imposture' b'and heresy, a teacher of the diabolic arts of witchery. but during the renaiss-' b'ance and the enlightenment, european cultures reverted to the image of zara-' b'thushtra that had come down through classical and hellenistic antiquity. he was' b'viewed, once again, as a great and wise man, as the author of the _chaldean' b'oracles_ and probably inventor of qabbalah, as a teacher of astrology, as a' b'possible bridge between christianity and platonism, and, at times (as in' b'voltaire), as a symbol of non-christian wisdom.' b'after western philology rediscovered zarathushtra during the eighteenth and' b'nineteenth centuries, friedrich nietzsche, in an intentional paradox, gave' b'the name zarathustra to the hero of his work _also sprach zarathustra_ b'1892). nietzsche saw the iranian prophet as the first to have discovered the' b'true motive force underlying all things, that is, the eternal struggle between' b'good and evil. [see also zoroastrianism]' 