b'' b'' b' we are talking about origins, not merely science. science cannot' b' explain origins. for a person to exclude anything but science from' b' the issue of origins is to say that there is no higher truth' b' than science. this is a false premise. by the way, i enjoy science.' b" it is truly a wonder observing god's creation. macroevolution is" b' a mixture of percent science and percent religion [guaranteed' b' within three percent error b'' b'let us explore this interesting paragraph point by point, sentence by' b'sentence.' b'' b'' b'1) we are talking about origins, not merely science.' b'' b'origins of what? are we speaking of the origins of life, the human' b'species, the universe, physical law, biological diversity or what?' b'' b'2) science cannot explain origins.' b'' b'this is a false statement unless it is carefully qualified. it depends' b'on what origins we are talking about.' b'' b'3) for a person to exclude anything but science from the issue of origins' b'is to say that there is no higher truth than science.' b'' b'again, this is a false statement. to begin with, the notion of "higher' b'truth" is distinctly dubious. many people believe that there are ways' b'to ascertain truth that are not in the repetoire of science; they even' b'believe that there are ways that are more reliable and certain. many' b'believe that there are truths that cannot be expressed using the language' b'of science. let it be so. these truths are neither "higher" or' b'"lower"; they are simply true.' b'' b"more to the point, restricting one's discussion of origins to science" b'does not reject other sources of knowledge; it simply restricts the' b'scope of discussion.' b'' b'4) this is a false premise.' b'' b'if this is intended as asserting that the previous sentence was false' b'then is actually true. however the context identifies it as another' b'false [or at least theologically unsound] statement.' b'' b'5) by the way, i enjoy science.' b'' b'on the evidence mr. rawlins lacks sufficient understanding of science' b'to enjoy science in any meaningful sense. one might just as well say' b'that one enjoys literature written in a language that one cannot read.' b'however one cannot mark this sentence as false to follow the analogy,' b'perhaps he likes the pretty shapes of the letters.' b'' b"6) it is truly a wonder observing god's creation." b'' b'let us not quibble; count this one as true.' b'' b'7) macroevolution is a mixture of percent science and percent' b'religion [guaranteed within three percent error b'' b'still another false statement. however one can make it come out true' b'with the following contextual modification:' b'' b'"macroevolution, as misunderstood by rawline, is a mixture of percent' b'of what rawlins erroneously thinks of as science, and percent of' b'what rawlins erroneously thinks of as religion."' b'' b'-----' b'' b'it is distinctly noticeable that mr. rawlins fails miserably to touch' b'on truth except when he reports personally on what he feels. [i do' b'him the justice of assuming that he is not misinforming us as to his' b'personal reactions.] one can account for this by the hypothesis that' b'he has an idiosyncratic and personal concept of truth.' b'--' b'us mail: smds inc., po box concord ma fax: b'in the fields of hell where the grass grows high' b'are the graves of dreams allowed to die.' 