b'' b' (mathew) writes:' b" there's no objective physics; einstein and bohr have told us that." b'' b' speaking as one who knows relativity and quantum mechanics, i say:' b' bullshit.' b'' b'speaking as someone who also knows relativity and quantum mechanics, i say:' b'go ahead, punk, make my day. my degree can beat up your degree.' b'' b" ok, refer us to the place in einstein's (or bohr's) writings where" b" he said 'there's no objective physics.'" b'' b"ah, you taking everything as literal quotation. no wonder you're confused." b'' b'first, can i ask that we decide on a definition of "objective"?' b'' b"there's no objective reality. lsd should be sufficient to prove that." b'' b' speaking as one who has taken lsd, i say:' b' bullshit.' b'' b"well, i'll have to bow to your superior knowledge on that one, but i think i" b'detect a pattern in your responses. how about some actual support for your' b'dismissals?' b'' b' you take lsd, and it skews your perception of reality. you come down,' b' and your perceptions unskew.' b'' b'and?' b'' b' how could striving toward an ideal be in any way useful, if the ideal' b' had no objective existence?' b'' b'a perfectly efficient power station would convert all of the energy in coal' b'into electricity. there is absolutely no way we can build a perfect power' b"station; it's an ideal. but striving towards that ideal is undeniably" b'useful and valuable, is it not?' b'' b' ok, let me narrow the question. is it useful to strive toward a' b' (nonexistent) objective ethics?' b'' b"i'd guess that it might be." b'' b' in what way?' b'' b'it may be the case that some people are unable to evaluate complex moral' b'issues. rather than leaving them to behave "immorally", it might be better' b'to offer them an abstract (nonexistent objective) system of ethics which they' b"can strive towards, coded into rules which they don't have to derive for" b'themselves.' b'' b'i tend to feel that this is pretty much what we all have as morality' b'anyway...' b'' b'' b'mathew' 