b'' b'' b' question for those of you who seem to be fundamentalists (stephen' b" tice, the cotera, joe gaut, et al)(apologies if i've mislabelled any" b" of you, i've only started reading t.r.m since the bd disaster. but i" b' know the cotera is a fundy) and are defending koresh and his beliefs' b' as an example of true christianity under persecution from the the big' b' bad secular state: what is your opinion of his reported sexual habits?' b' if the reports are accurate, what iyo does this say about the quality of' b' his christianity? or are the allegations just part of the big' b' cover-up?' b'' b'thank you, steve. it is refreshing to have someone accuse me of being' b'a christian. i only hope enough evidence can be garnered to get a' b'conviction. i am not certain what you mean by the "fundy" part as the' b'term fundamentalist has a wide variety of uses. if you refer to' b'' b'i use it to refer to those christians who take a more' b'conservative-literalist approach to the bible, as distinct from' b'"liberals".' b'' b'those who actually believe jesus is the messiah and son of god and' b'wish to follow in his way, then i plead guilty. but what does it' b'' b'i would use the word "christian" (unqualified) to describe someone to' b'whom the above definition applied. btw, it applies to me.' b'' b'[deletia: joe gaut indicates his interest in the bd disaster is from a' b"civil liberties issue, not an attempt to justify koresh's beliefs" b'and/or practices.]' b'' b'i agree with joe about this: if some group wants to believe in' b'whatever god or invisible pink unicorns and go off and live together' b'and have group sex, or no sex, or sex only for the leaders (but not' b'with children), then, as much as i might believe them to be misguided,' b'i think they should have the legal right. and i hope the' b'investigation will start by determining whether the feds had any' b'*legitimate* reason for going after koresh in the first place (before' b'moving on to consider the wisdom of various tactics used).' b'' b"[joe goes on to dispute the child-abuse allegations. i'll" b'(provisionally) accept this, unless someone has evidence to support' b'the allegations?]' b'' b"actually i wasn't thinking about the (alleged) child abuse, but about" b'the reports that he had sex with, and fathered children by, several' b'women in the cult. i agree this is not a legal matter consenting' b"adults and all that but stephen tice seems to be defending koresh's" b'beliefs and practices from specifically *christian* perspective, not a' b'civil liberties perspective.' b'' b'i think my question is not really aimed at joe (and possibly not at' b'ray cote either, who seems to also be taking the political angle), but' b'at stephen tice.' b'' b'' b'--' b'| this-opinion my.opinion; assert (this-opinion carletonu.opinion); b'"somebody touched me making everything new burned through my life like a' b'bolt from the blue somebody touched me i know it was you" bruce cockburn' 