b'' b'' b'' b'the law of retribution' b'' b'violent crime, racism, bigotry, domestic abuse, rape,' b'police brutality and oppression, human rights violations,' b'etc., etc., continue to get worse and worse in spite of more' b'and more man-made laws on all levels from local ordinances to' b'international law.' b'' b'the man-made laws are not working.' b'' b'"what we have here is failure to communicate!"' b'perpetrators remain ignorant of the law--a universal, cosmic,' b'and spiritual law--the "law of retribution" or "karma":' b'' b'"be not deceived; god is not mocked: for whatsoever a' b'man soweth, that shall he also reap." galatians kjv.' b'' b'"he that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity;' b'he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword.' b'here is the patience and faith of the saints." revelation' b'13:10, kjv.' b'' b'"what goes around comes around."' b'' b'this law of the universe is just as real as the physical' b'law that for every action there is an equal and opposite' b'reaction.' b'' b'it is the enforcement, the teeth, behind the "golden' b'rule": "do unto others as you would have others do unto you."' b'' b'all perpetrators in the present will become victims in' b'the future, most likely in a future incarnation. most' b'victims in the present were perpetrators in the past, usually' b'during a previous life.' b'' b'what is needed is a massive worldwide program of' b'education to teach all present and potential perpetrators, in' b'a convincing manner (with sufficient supporting evidence),' b'that what they do to others will be done to them, in this' b'life or the next.' b'' b'anyone who doubts the fact of reincarnation, and the' b'related "law of retribution", should read books such as "here' b'and hereafter", by ruth montgomery, which describes several' b'kinds of evidence supporting reincarnation, including' b'hypnotic regression to past lives [about accurate; the' b'subconscious mind can sometimes make things up, especially' b'with a bad hypnotist], spontaneous recall (especially by' b'young children, some of whom can identify their most recent' b'previous relatives, homes, possessions, etc.), dream recall' b'of past life experiences, deja vu (familiarity with a far off' b'land while traveling there for the first time on vacation),' b'the psychic readings of the late edgar cayce, and even' b'supporting statements from the christian bible including' b'matthew (john the baptist was the reincarnation of' b'elias.) and john (how can a person possibly sin before' b'he is born, unless he lived before?!).' b'' b'strong interests, innate talents, strong phobias, etc.,' b"typically originate from a person's past lives. for example," b'a strong fear of swimming in or traveling over water usually' b'results from having drowned at the end of a previous life.' b'and sometimes a person will take an immediate dislike to' b'another person being met for the first time in their present' b'life, because of a bad encounter with him during a previous' b'incarnation.' b'' b'people would behave much better toward each other if' b'they knew that their actions in the present will surely be' b'reaped by them in the future, or in a future incarnation!' b'' b'' b'for more information, answers to your questions, etc.,' b'please consult my cited sources (books like "here and' b'hereafter", by ruth montgomery).' b'' b'' b'un-altered reproduction and dissemination of this' b'important information is encouraged.' b'' b'' b'robert e. mcelwaine' b'2nd initiate in eckankar,' b'(but not an agent thereof)' b'' b'' 