b'' b'' b': in my mind, to say that science has its basis in values is a bit of a' b': reach. science has its basis in observable fact.' b'' b"i'd say that what one chooses to observe and how the observation is" b"interpreted and what significance it's given depends a great deal on" b'the values of the observer. science is a human activity and as such,' b'is subject to the same potential for distortion as any other human' b'activity. the myth that scientists are above moral influence or' b'ethical concern, that their knowledge can be abstacted whole and pure' b'from nature untainted by the biases of the scientist, is nonsense.' b'' b'bill' b'' b': if one is to argue for objective values (in a moral sense) then one must' b': first start by demonstrating that morality itself is objective. considering' b': the meaning of the word "objective" i doubt that this will ever happen.' b'' b': so, back to the original question:' b'' b': and objective morality is.....?' b'' b'this may be an unfortunate choice of words, almost self-contradictory.' b'objective in the sense used here means something immutable and' b'absolute while morality describes the behavior of some group of' b'people. the first term is all inclusive, the second is specific. the' b'concept supposedly described may have meaning however.' b'if there is a god as described by the christians (for instance), then' b'he has existence apart from and independent of humankind; his' b'existence is outside of our frame of reference (reality). if this' b'being declares a thing to be so, it is -necessarily- so since he has' b'defined himself as omnipotent and, if his claims are to be believed,' b'he is at least omnipotent relative to us. god is intrinsically' b'self-defined and all reality is whatever he says it is in an' b'objective sense.' b'if god determines a standard of conduct, that standard is objective.' b'if human beings are held accountable for their conformance to that' b'standard while permitted to ignore it, they substitute a relative' b'morality or mode of conduct, giving the term morality a nebulous,' b'meaningless sense that can be argued about by those pretending to' b'misunderstand. the standard is objective and the conduct required to' b'meet that standard is therefore objectively determined.' b'just because it is convenient to pretend that the term morality is' b"infinitely malleable, doesn't mean that the objective standard itself" b"doesn't exist. morality has come to mean little more than a cultural" b'norm, or the preferred conduct of "decent" people, making it seem' b'subjective, but it is derived from an absolute, objective, standard.' b'ironically, this objective standard is in perfect accord with our true' b'nature (according to christianity at least), yet is condemned as being' b'contrary to human nre, oppressive and severe. this may be due as' b'' b'bill' b'much to our amoral inclinations as to the standard itself, but like it' b"or not, it's there.x" 