b'' b'' b'' b'' b' for your information, i checked the library of congress catalog,' b'and they list the following books by francis hitching:' b'' b'[...]' b'' b'ahha...now with the branch athiests zealots we have the following:' b'' b'i think you are mistaken in thinking tom scharle to be a atheist.' b'you will find both atheists and christians among your opponents on t.o.' b'calling your opponents them "branch athiests zealots" does nothing for' b'your credibility.' b'' b'let me try again.' b'' b'oh yes, do.' b'' b'"the doubt that has infiltrated the previous, smugly confident certitude' b'of evolutionary biology has inflamed passions. there is lack of agreement' b'even within warring camps. sometimes it seems as if there are as many' b'variations on each evolutionary theme as there are individual biologists."' b'' b'niles eldridge (yes he\'s a paleontologist); natural history; "evolutionary' b'housecleaning"; feb pg. b'' b"dear me. this is taken _so_ out of context that it's hard to know where" b'to start... the quote starts with material from p and ends with material' b'from page b'' b"on page there's the bit that says (the parts left out in john king's" b'"quote" are marked by b'"<... the doubt that has infiltrated the previous, smugly confident certitude' b"of evolutionary biology<'s last twenty years has inflamed passions <and" b'provoked some very interesting thought and research."' b'' b'eldridge goes on immediately following the butchered quote:' b'"in short, evolutionary biology has entered a phase of creativity that is' b'the hallmark of good, active science."' b'' b'the material that is on page that is "quoted" by john king has been' b'butchered even more severely:' b'' b'"<i mention this only to illustrate the **there is**[these words not' b'in the original text-prl] lack of agreement even within warring camps' b'<: things are really in uproar these days, and each of the "basic" ways' b'of looking at evolutionary biology has its minor variants. sometimes' b'it seems as if there are as many variations on each evolutionary theme' b'as there are individual biologists."' b'' b'eldridge goes on:' b'"but that\'s the way it should be; this is how science is supposed to operate."' b'' b'jack' b'' b'and just a few sentences down:' b'' b'"when they [creationists] misrepresent the exuberant, creative doubt and' b'controversy permeating evolutionary biology these days, they are actively' b'promoting scientific illiteracy."' b'' b"and that, john e. king, is precisely what you have done with eldridge's" b'article. are you personally responsible for the butchery of the text or' b'have you pulled it out of some creationist propaganda? you owe the people' b'reading t.o an apology for posting such misrepresentation.' b'' b'--' 