b'' b'' b" bd's were not contemplating suecide, and there is no reason" b' to believe they committed one.' b'' b'no reason? how about these two:' b'' b'1. some of the survivors claimed that bd members poured fuel along the' b'\tcorridors and set fire to it. the speed at which the fire spread' b'\tis not inconsistent with this claim.' b'' b'this morning on cnn (tues april texas cops say arson is suspected' b'because of two falsh points. cnn also stated that _all_ surviors' b'claim the fires are fbi set. your argument are made-up, untrue' b'and unverified at best.' b'' b'2. there was certainly a fire which killed most of the people in the compound.' b'\tthere is a very very good possibility that the fbi did not start this' b"\tfire. this is a good reason to believe that the bd's did." b'' b"the day of the attack the fbi claimed to have seen two bd'ers setting" b'the fire outside of the compound. yesterday, the arson squad said two' b'flash points at the or near the tank entry points' b'' b'not good evidence for the fbi hit squad.' b'' b"3. even if the bd's were not contemplating suicide, it is very possible that" b'\tdavid koresh was convinced (and thus convinced the others) that this' b'\twas not suicide. it was the fulfilment of a profecy of some sort.' b'' b"is there a difference between thinking that you won't survive a confrontation" b'with the fbi (parnoia?) and committing suicide?' b'' b'' b"there are three possibilities other than the bd's self destruction:" b'' b'' b'b. the fire was started by an fbi accident. this is possible, but it would be' b'\tfoolish of us to declare this outright until more evidence can back it.' b"\tsure, it's possible that the armored vehicle knocked down a lantern" b'\twhich started the fire (why was there a lit lantern in the middle of' b"\tthe day near the edge of the complex?). it's anecdotal evidence that" b'\thas been contradicted by other escapees.' b'' b'no, claimed by the escapees not contradicted' b'' b"what i'm finding interesting is the conflicting reports. fbi says" b'that bodies have been found with bullet wounds and the texas cornuers' b"(sp) says that they haven't yet found any bullet holes.." b'' b'--' b'' b'' b'--' b'kermit tensmeyer intergraph corporation' 