b'' b'i am pleased to announce that a *revised version* of _the easy-to-read book' b"of mormon_ (former title: _mormon's book_) by lynn matthews anderson is now" b'available through anonymous ftp (see information below). in addition to the' b'change in title, the revised etr bom has been shortened by several pages' b'(eliminating many extraneous "that\'s" and "of\'s"), and many (minor) errors' b'have been corrected. this release includes a simplified joseph smith story,' b'testimonies of the three and eight witnesses, and a "words-to-know"' b'glossary.' b'' b'as with the previous announcement, readers are reminded that this is a' b'not-for-profit endeavor. this is a copyrighted work, but people are welcome' b'to make *verbatim* copies for personal use. people can recuperate the' b'actual costs of printing (paper, copy center charges), but may not charge' b'anything for their time in making copies, or in any way realize a profit' b'from the use of this book. see the permissions notice in the book itself' b'for the precise terms.' b'' b'negotiations are currently underway with a mormon publisher vis-a-vis the' b"printing and distribution of bound books. (sorry, i'm out of the wire-bound" b'"first editions.") i will make another announcement about the availability' b'of printed copies once everything has been worked out.' b'' b'ftp information: connect via anonymous ftp to carnot.itc.cmu.edu, then "cd' b'pub" (you won\'t see anything at all until you do).' b'' b'"the easy-to-read book of mormon" is currently available in postscript and' b'rtf (rich text format). (ascii, latex, and other versions can be made' b'print the postscript file on any postscript printer (such as an apple' b'laserwriter); let dba know if you have any difficulties. (the postscript in' b'the last release had problems on some printers; this time it should work' b'better.) rtf is a standard document interchange format that can be read in' b'by a number of word processors, including microsoft word for both the' b"macintosh and windows. if you don't have a postscript printer, you may be" b'able to use the rtf file to print out a copy of the book.' b'' b'-r--r--r-- dba apr etrbom.ps' b'-r--r--r-- dba apr etrbom.rtf' b'' b'for more information about how this project came about, please refer to my' b'article in the current issue of _sunstone_, entitled "delighting in' b'plainness: issues surrounding a simple modern english book of mormon."' b'' b'send all inquiries and comments to:' b'' b'lynn matthews anderson' b'5806 hampton street' b'pittsburgh, pa b'' b'' 