b'' b'' b" i wasn't sure if this was the right newsgroup to post this to, but i guess" b'the misc is there for a reason. here goes... i am getting married in june to' b'a devout (wisconsin synod) lutheran. i would classify myself as a strong' b'agnostic/weak athiest. this has been a a subject of many discussions between' b"us and is really our only real obstacle. we don't have any real difficulties" b'with the religious differences yet, but i expect they will pop up when we have' b'children. i have agreed to raise the' b'children "nominally" lutheran. that is, lutheran traditions, but trying to' b'keep an open mind. i am not sure if this is even possible though. i feel that' b'that the worst quality of being devoutly religous is the lack of an open mind.' b'' b'just a point, i suppose, if open mind means believing anything can be true' b"or we can't for sure know what is definitely true, i'm happy to not be open" b'minded. if, however, open mindedness means being respectful and tolerant' b'towards other beliefs, respecting the rights and intelligence and wisdom' b'of people of other beliefs and giving equal time to alternative ideas, i' b'try my very best to be open minded. just a thot in passing.... b'' b" anyway, i guess i'll get on with my question. is anyone in the same" b"situation and can give some suggestions as to how to deal with this? we've" b'taken the attitude so far of just talking about it a lot and not letting' b"anything get bottled up inside. sometimes i get the feeling we're making this" b'much bigger than it actually is. any comments would be greatly appreciated.' b"also, please e-mail responses since i don't get a chance to read this group" b'often. b'' b'not being married, i cannot say too much to you, but from my perspective' b'having mutually exclusive faiths would be a big enough roadblock for me in' b'considering marrying someone. making it much bigger than it is? i suppose' b'that depends on how serious each of you is in your beliefs. lukewarm atheists' b'and christians for whom religion is of nominal importance probly would feel' b"the issue isn't very big. i suppose the more important your beliefs are to" b'each of you, the more important the issue is.' b'' b'paul' 