b'' b'' b'philadelphia at chicago: teams tied for 1st after sunday' b'dick redding battled chet brewer in the first game of a dramatic four' b'game series. one friday, one saturday, and a good-old sunday doubleheader.' b'"what could be better," declared ernie banks. perhaps the fact that the cubs' b'are challenging?' b'"it\'s pitching, it\'s always been pitching that we\'ve lacked," announced' b'ryne sandberg. "if we can get by brewer, then beat carlton, alexander, or' b"bunning preferrably of the last three we'll know we might be able to" b'win.' b'"lord, i hope we pull it off."' b'the phils scored once in the top of the first; richie ashburn singled, pete' b'rose followed with a hit, sending ashburn around second. kiki cuyler cut' b'the ball off in left center, and threw a bullet in to ernie banks, who threw' b'to ron santo to get ashburn at third. rose went to second on the play.' b'christobel torrienti lifted a long fly to center, moving pete rose to' b'third. schmidt was walked the cubs were absolutely refusing to let him' b'beat them. both torrienti and schmidt will likely draw walks this' b'year. chuck klein is starting to hit very well, and he lashed a double into a' b'gap in right-center. "cool papa" bell\'s speed allowed him to cut the ball off' b'and prevent schmidt from scoring. nellie fox was walked, and bob boone' b'grounded out to second, ending the threat.' b'"teams are starting to realize that you don\'t have to pitch to schmidt or' b'torrienti, and that is lowering their run total. it puts a lot of pressure on' b'klein and dick allen (who platoons with chuck klein and occasionally spells' b"rose at first), and it's a credit to the phillies that they've been able to" b'sustain their pace. the picthers have slumped at times." so came the' b'analysis from frank chance.' b"the cubs got that run back when bell bunted for a hit, thomas' grounder" b'moved him to second, and after sandberg made out billy williams singled' b'home a run. in the sixth, ron santo launched a two-run homer to make it' b'3-1. dick redding got in trouble in the eighth, as schmidt singled and klein' b'singled him to third. ed reulbach entered to face fox, but dick allen popped' b'out of the dugout to hit. allen doubled to right, but luckily for the cubs,' b'williams had moved to left and andre dawson had been inserted for defense.' b'he fired a bullet to home plate to keep klein at third. lance parrish, hitting' b'for boone, was walked, and bruce sutter entered. larry bowa grounded into' b'a double play, but ed delahanty walked as a pinch-hitter. desiring a' b'strikeout, since ashburn was likely to attempt a bunt hit with the quick' b'trillo pinch-running at third, chance brought in lee smith, who induced a' b'pop-up to the catcher from the speedy centerfielder, ending the inning. the' b'cubs took the win, moving a game behind the phillies.' b'steve carlton was called upon to battle 3-finger brown saturday. to get' b'another righthander in the lineup, ron santo moved to first and bill madlock' b'played third. unfortunately, brown allowed six doubles, and the cub bullpen' b'was worn down even more, as the cubs tried to maintain a lead against' b'lefty. madlock, batting sixth, had knocked two doubles of his own, driving' b'home four runs. gabby hartnett hit two home runs, and cuyler added' b'another, and the score was cubs after six innings. the phillie bullpen' b'had more troubles in the bottom of the eighth, as the cubs grabbed more' b'runs to ice an triumph.' b"sunday's twin bill saw cool papa bell gather seven straight hits at one" b'point, including a rare outside-the-park home run in the second game, off' b'robin roberts. grover alexander of the phils took the first contest, but' b'the cubs captured the second one with waddell gaining the win. bruce' b'sutter tossed two innings for the save, though he allowed one run in the' b'eighth. the cardinals stood half a game behind these co-leaders, and would' b'conclude their series with the expos on monday.' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------' b'montreal at st. louis(august 3-way tie for 1st' b'dennis martinez is on a roll, and he continued it versus john tudor friday.' b"the expos have a wide variety of hitters, and while they aren't among the" b'all-time greats, they are getting the job done. after winning their first' b'first two games, they suddenly found themselves only games out of' b'first in this wacky season.' b'martinez triumphed on friday, and williams outdueled dizzy dean b'saturday. however, the cardinals refused to give up, winning on sunday.' b"the cards captured monday's game, too, as steve carlton outdueled steve" b'rogers "we\'re really good against ground ball pitchers because of our' b'team speed," remarked lou brock. "i don\'t see why we can\'t win this' b'division."' b'the phillies and cubs may have some reasons for them. two-thirds of' b'the way through the season, there is a 3-way tie for first.' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------' b'new york at pittsburgh(august straight wins for bucs,' b'now back but in 4th!' b'"when your team is in a slump like we are, the worst thing is to play in a' b'pitcher\'s park like this," spoke gil hodges before the series. keith' b'hernandez added that "their defense takes away quite a few runs per year,' b'and it must be giving them an extra wins." the pirates have made only' b'26 errors all season, ahead of the second place dodgers. error totals tend' b'to be around for the best defensive all-time teams.' b'rube foster defeated sid fernandez friday, and candelaria outshone' b'seaver saturday, in a game featuring some outstanding defense. when' b'nolan ryan and two relivers 6-hit the mets in another win sunday, the' b'pirates could once again look forward to a victory getting them back to the' b'.500 mark. they had been unable to several times in the past month. bert' b'blyleven met dwight gooden in the afternoon game. both pitchers possessed' b'fantastic stuff, and the only runs scored through eight innings were on home' b'runs a solo shot by rusty staub of the mets and a two-run blast by ralph' b"kiner for the pirates. the mets' darryl strawberry singled home a run in the" b'top of the ninth off jesse orosco, working his second inning, after mookie' b'wilson pinch-ran for gary carter at second. with one out and a runner on' b'first, lee mazilli was sent in to pinch-hit. the pirates countered with kent' b'tekulve, placing him in the fifth spot in the order and putting barry bonds in' b'left field as the ninth place hitter. tekulve induced a groundout forcing' b'strawberry at second. he slid hard into honus wagner, preventing the' b'pirates from turning their fifth double play of the afternoon. tekulve' b'allowed a hit, but clemente threw mazilli out at third from near the right' b'field line, ending the inning. tug mcgraw relieved randy myers, who entered' b'to pitch the eighth, and got one out before bonds launched a rocket to deep' b'center, running through the stop sign at third to score an inside-the-park' b'homer to win. the pirates had scored an improbable straight wins,' b'and had moved to within games of first place, with seven weeks to go.' b'------------------------------------------------------------------' b'san francisco at boswaukta(august b'another sunday doubleheader appeared on the schedule, as the giants' b'managed to close the gap on the other teams thanks to some starting' b"pitching that just wouldn't tire. in fact, reported manager john mcgraw," b'"once this rough part of the schedule is over, maybe as early as this coming' b'week, we may shift to a 4-man rotation again for a little while."' b'juan marichal continued his hot pitching friday, beating lew burdette and' b'the braves willie mays had all four r.b.i.s on hits. rick reuschel' b"faced joe niekro saturday in a slugfest. the braves' park had been a homer" b'haven, but this took the cake, as the giants won a seesaw affair b'willie mays had three homers, willie mccovey, eddie matthews, and don' b'baylor had two, and hank aaron, ernie lombardi, biz mackey, and mel ott had' b"one each. the braves had collected home runs going into sunday's" b'doubleheader, putting them on a pace for which would be short of the' b"national league record. they were still a tad behind the yankees' pace." b'they had allowed over though. vida blue actually got the win after' b'retiring batters in the fifth. he allowed only a run in the sixth, but' b'faltered in the seventh. joe mcginnity earned the save.' b"in the doubleheader, the braves' hoyt wilhelm failed to hold a lead in the" b'first game, but hank aaron homered off bill foster in the eighth as the' b'braves won, the giants took the second game, however, by a score.' b'the homer by aaron was a magical by the braves; however, they fell to' b'three game below making a comeback extremely unlikely.' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------' b'san diego at cincinnati(aug. randy jones faced ewell' b'blackwell in the first of this 3-game series, and the padres felt rather' b'good. with don mattingly straining his back in the last cleveland game, the' b"trade looked even better. mcgriff's batting average was even rising. of" b'course, the bench was very poor, and joe gordon was only adequate in the' b'outfield, but these were minor problems, since the pitching was holding up.' b'jones pitched a good game friday, and won mcgriff launched two' b'home runs. mel harder earned a win with the help of mark davis and ray' b'narleski saturday; was the final score. tom candiotti battled satchel' b'paige to a tie through eight innings before departing. the game was' b'scoreless for more innings until the thirteenth. paige had departed after' b'10, and john franco hurled a scoreless inning. tom browning was working' b'his second scoreless inning, when dave winfield doubled with one out and' b'joe gordon was pitched around. thurm munson doubled both runners home,' b'and the padres gamed a win. the three-game sweep had pulled the' b'giants into a tie with the reds. though the reds denied it, the highly' b'emotional series with the dodgers may have taken too much out of them.' b'-------------------------------------------------------------------' b'brookangeles at houston(august b'another series capped off by a weekend doubleheader took place in the' b'wide open plains of the astrodome. the astros sent joe niekro to the hill in' b'the first game, opposite don drysdale. "normally," drysdale remarked, "i' b"would be challenging hitter by being ready to throw at them. i can't afford" b"to with this team, though; we have to get our own runners going; we can't" b'afford to let the astros beat us." he then winked and said: "well, maybe' b'davis will get decked once."' b'the fact that glenn davis leads the team in homers with six is' b'primarily why he would be decked, but it should be understood that his' b'current pace would give him nine for the season. the hitting on this team is' b'a little better, but the power is all doubles and triples. still, carl furillo is' b'the main reason no astro home runs were hit over the weekend, as he threw' b'two runners out trying for inside-the-park homers. for those unaware of' b"the nastness of the astros' park, they have a 23-foot high gray wall all" b'around the outfield; balls must be hit into the seats to be home runs. the' b'foul poles are feet from home plate, but the alleys are feet away,' b'with center field at feet. "it\'s as if some three-year-old threw a' b"tantrum and told his playmates: 'if i can't hit home runs, nobody will hit" b'home runs\'," remarked roy campanella.' b'the dodgers stole five bases friday, but the astros decided to revitalize' b'the baltimore chopping that had failed weeks before; for tonight, anyway,' b'davis, jim wynn, and jose cruz did not have to mess with their swings,' b'according to the manager. after poles and willie wells reached base via the' b'baltimore chop, drysdale decked jose cruz with a pitch. he responded with' b'a two-run double, but wynn playing first for davis popped up, and the' b"astros didn't score any more in that inning. they did score in the fourth to" b'erase a deficit, and the astros wound up winning they threatened' b'to do even better the next game, as tommy john would be their opponent.' b'walt alston met privately with the starters at a.m. before the game.' b'"i think i know how we can beat the baltimore chop," he explained.' b'"how can we do that," pee wee reese wondered.' b'"they\'re going to be beating the ball down, so we\'ve got to be ready to' b'throw on the run. steve will start at first to dig balls out of the dirt, but i' b"want all of you to practice your barehanded picks and throws. we'll go with" b'a shallow infield almost the whole time."' b'the plan almost worked. mike scott allowed only two runs through eight' b'innings, but the astros got three; two of them scored when bill doran' b'pushed a bunt into the outfield in the fourth with runners on second and' b'third. astros was the final, with dave smith earning another save. the' b'dodgers scored a victory in the first game of the twin bill sunday, as nolan' b'ryan walked five, three of whom scored in a dodger win. fernando' b"valenzuela lost the second game to don sutton, however, as the dodgers'" b'thirteen stolen bases in the series proved to not be enough.' b'"we\'re mostly a power team," remarked ron cey. "jackie and, when he' b'plays, maury wills are our only real speed demons, though a couple other' b"plays can do it now and then. we're sunk in a place like the astrodome. i" b'guess that\'s why they\'re so successful there." indeed, it seems that' b"basestealing teams give them the most trouble in the dome. the 'stros" b'swiped bases in attempts, giving them on the season.' b'standings after these weekend series:' b'a.l.east' b'team w l gb' b'new york b'cleveland b'detroit b'boston b'baltimore b'toronto b'washington b'' b'a.l.west' b'oaksaselphia b'minnesota b'chicago b'kansas city b'california b'milwaukee b'seattle b'' b'n.l.east' b'chicago b'philadelphia b'st. louis b'pittsburgh b'montreal b'new york b'' b'n.l.west' b'brookangeles b'cincinnati b'san francisco b'boswaukta b'houston b'san diego b'--' b'ever wonder if, after casey relatives have to give lots of hugs love' b"missed the 3rd strike in the poem: support, 'cause heaven is just a great" b'he ran to first and made it? big hug that lasts forever and ever!!!"' 