b'' b'' b'well, perhaps if the braves had no one else worth playing this year it' b'would be lopez in there. but they do have others worth playing, at' b'least in *their* opinion.' b'' b'catcher is their weakest position, with the possible exception of second base.' b'they have a chance to simultaneously replace their biggest offensive problem' b'spot with a well-above-average offensive player *and* acclimate a highly' b'promising potential star with no pressure on him to carry the team, and they' b'want to play *olson* and *berryhill* instead?!' b'' b"i disagree, in that i don't think it *is* a _tangible_ skill, any more than" b"leadership is. i don't deny that it is a *real* skill, and that some catchers" b"may be much better than others at it, but i really don't see any way that we" b"could ever know who they are. nichols's law of catcher defense is eerily" b'accurate far too often for me to take defensive assessments of catchers very' b'seriously.' b'' b"sorry. new. don't know nichols' law." b'' b'"a catcher\'s defensive reputation will be inversely proportional to his' b'recent offensive level of performance." thus, mickey tettleton goes (in' b'the media) from being a no-hit defensive whiz to a slugging thumb-finger' b'in two short years. the rule doesn\'t apply to perceived "superstars", who' b'get the gold glove offensive transfer effect instead. greg olson is probably' b"considered to be a good defensive catcher precisely because he can't hit." b'' b'' b"don't believe in catchers'" b"era. but i am interested in pitchers' eras with different catchers." b'' b"aren't they the same thing?" b'' b'in other words, we know more than they do, so the only logic behind' b'a different decision than we would make must be financial.' b'' b'either that or just stupidity.' b'' b'i presume' b'we feel this way about other franchises than atlanta, no?' b'' b'of course.' b'' b'is it fair to the young players? no. does it make organizational sense?' b'i think it does.' b'' b'well if it does make organizational sense, one can hardly fault them' b"for their decisions. i mean, please don't tell me how to run my" b"business. especially when i'm being successful." b'' b'one could make the same sort of argument in other cases. pete rose, in' b"pursuing ty cobb's record, was a huge gate attraction (and national media" b'magnet). the reds made a lot of money off that; they also wasted the prime' b'of eric davis. that may be "good business", but that doesn\'t mean i don\'t' b'loathe them for it.' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'david m. tate (i do not know what it is about you that closes' b'posing as: and opens; only something in me understands' b"e e (can the pocket of your glove is deeper than pete rose's)" b'dy) cummings nobody, not even tim raines, has such soft hands' 