b'' b'as for rushing... if there really is a qualitative difference between the' b"minors and the majors that requires a period of adjustment (and i don't" b"believe there is), then wouldn't you rather waste lopez's 22-year old good" b'season than his 23-year old very good season or his 24-year-old excellent' b'season? the sooner you get him acclimated, the more of his prime you get to' b'use.' b'' b"can anybody name a player who was 'rushed' to the majors (let's, for" b'argument\'s sake, define "rushed" as brought up to the majors for more than' b'a cup of coffee prior at age or younger, and performing below' b"expectations), whose career was damaged by this rushing? i'm serious; i" b'tend to agree with david that bringing the player up sooner is better, but' b"i'd like to look at players for whom this theory didn't work, if there are" b"any. i'd prefer players within the last years or so, because then i can" b"look up their minor league stats. (it's important to distinguish between" b'players who legitimately had careers below what their minor league numbers' b'would have projected, as opposed to players who were hyped and failed, but' b'actually had careers not out of line with their minor league numbers).' b'' b'let\'s kick it off with an example of a player who was "rushed", although' b"there doesn't seem to have been any damage to his career. jay bell was" b'given pas in the major leagues at age and performed well below what' b'you would expect from his aaa numbers the same season. he got pas the' b'next year at age and still underperformed. however, the next year, at' b'age his performance improved, and he won the everyday shortstop job,' b"and has been there ever since. it's really hard for me to see where he" b'would have been better off staying in the minor league (where he was' b'performed quite well in aaa) during this time, rather than being "rushed";' b'cleveland might have been better off, i suppose, because they might have' b'been less likely to give up on him.' b'' b"yes, if you bring a player up early, he's likely going to struggle. but" b'does that delay the time at which he stops struggling, and starts' b'performing up to expectations?' b'' b'sherri nichols' 