b'' b'most of this discussion has been between mark singer and david tate,' b'with valentine weighing in on the same side as dave at various times.' b'my opinion, fwiw, to all:' b'' b"mark, age doesn't matter; ability does. i would rather have the untried" b'rookie with great minor league numbers than the veteran who has proven' b"himself to be average at best. i don't care if he is if he plays" b'better than what i have, i want him out there. sandy alomar had decent' b'minor league numbers, grossly inflated by the pcl in general and las' b'vegas in particular; he should have been projected as an average major' b"league hitter (which is good for a catcher, i'll admit). santiago's" b"numbers would probably come out the same as sandy's, but i don't have" b'the league data from the mid-80s to check it out.' b'' b'that being said, i agree with sending lopez to richmond, at least to' b'start the season. as the box below shows, he has *one* minor league' b'season in which he hit well. he has two in which he hit very, very' b'poorly. i want to see that the lopez is real. olson and berryhill' b'are not complete mediocrities; for catchers, especially nl catchers,' b'they are essentially average hitters, with equivalent averages around' b'.220. if he had hit well at prior levels, i would say he belongs on' b'the braves; but there is a reasonable chance that lopez last year was' b'just as much a fluke as alomar in or santiago in one year at' b"any level, at any age, doesn't satisfy my standards of evidence." b'' b'javier lopez b'1990 bur b'1991 dur b'1992 grn b'1992 atl b'maj b'min b'tot b'maj b'min b'tot b'' b"on a similar note, i don't understand why more people are not" b'supportive of neon deion. granted, i thought his behavior with' b'mccarver last year was completely bush. last year was the first time' b'he ever got ab in one place, so his lines are hard to read. but he' b'has a combined ops in minor league play; with his speed is more' b'valuable than the ops alone indicates; and at a still young age b'had a monster year with an ops. he has a total, major and minor,' b'eqa of above major league average, and above average for cf' b'(which was about in the nl last year). he has shown at least the' b'potential of going into the .290s, which would make him one of the b'best hitters in the league. he has two full seasons before reaching' b'his "prime" season of he should be considered as a legitimate' b'prospect, and not as a simple side-show attraction.' b'' b'deion sanders b'1988 fla b'1988 int b'1989 eas b'1989 nyy b'1989 int b'1990 nyy b'1990 int b'1991 atl b'1991 ric b'1992 atl b'maj b'min b'tot b'maj b'min b'tot b'' b'clay d.' 