b'' b'[deletions]' b'' b"spanky isn't very good defensively anymore, he's an offensive liability, and," b'judging from his outburst this winter after the bucs failed to sign drabek,' b"he's a jerk with his head in the sand. tommy prince, on the other hand, can't" b'hit. in the paper, simmons was citing the case of tom pagnozzi, who never hit' b'in the minors or majors, but suddenly somehow learned how.' b'' b"geez, dal must have slipped something into ted's drink sometime. comparing" b'prince to pagnozzi offensively is laughable. prince has never hit well in' b"the minors and he's now years old, i think. pagnozzi was not a bad hitter" b"in the minors. (i'll bring in the numbers tomorrow assuming i don't have" b'another brain cramp and forget.) he had a very good year at louisville' b'before coming up to the majors. as i recall, the hype on pagnozzi coming up' b'in the organization was good hit, decent fielding. when he got to the' b"majors and didn't hit as well as expected (not as much playing time?), he" b"became exhibit in nichols' law of catcher defense and got the reputation" b"as an outstanding defensive catcher. it's not clear he ever learned to" b'hit. his four years with more than ab--' b'' b'born july b'year ab ba slg oba' b'1988 b'1990 b'1991 b'1992 b'' b'no power, less-than-league-average walks, peak year when he turned b'now declining. if ted is going to invoke pagnozzi as a model for prince,' b"given that prince has underperformed pagnozzi in the minors, it's not" b'a rosy picture.' b'' b"btw, i'm still unhappy with moving zeile, who had the same reputation" b'coming up in the cardinal organization as pagnozzi, except that he was' b'a much, much better hitter, to 3rd where he could be an average hitter' b'and a below average fielder instead of a well-above average hitter' b'as an average (or below average) fielding catcher.' b'' b'harold' b'--' b'national severe storms laboratory (norman, ok)' b'"i used to work for a brewery, too, but i didn\'t drink on the job."' b"-p. bavasi on dal maxvill's view that florida can win the nl east in 