b'' b'so far simmons looks like a total idiot.' b'' b"whatever you say. i think it's just games into the season myself, so" b"i'm going to wait a bit before calling names." b'' b'2) i am sure simmons was ready to say i told you so after otto had an' b"impressive win last week. now otto's latest debacle has restored simmons'" b"reputation. now he looks like he is back in his form when he had the" b"al's highest era among starters. four our sake(not ted's sake), i hope he" b'pitches with a era for the rest of the season. yeah, right.' b'' b'i expect that dave otto will be a really bad pitcher, and i have no' b'idea why simmons ever wanted him. on the other hand, i expect him to' b"release otto if he doesn't turn things around pretty fast. (btw," b"otto's game score for that ip stinker was only which points out" b"a problem with the method since otto's performance was infinitely bad," b'and excruciatingly prolonged.)' b'' b'3) tomlin and merced are a bit disappointing. they are still doing decently.' b'but considering the considerable amount of talent and maturity they have' b'shown their first seasons, they seem to have actually gotten a little' b'bit worse.' b'' b"i think merced's rookie year was a bit flukey, but aren't you willing to" b'give him some more at bats (and tomlin a few more starts) before acting' b'so gloomy?' b'' b'4) walk: well, he seems to be on the losing end tonight. but i still think' b'that walk desrved his contract.' b'' b"no he didn't. walk is a time bomb. he has no stuff whatsoever, and when" b"the league finally realizes this, it won't be pretty at all." b'' b'8) the rookie batters: well, young has surprised me a bit with his' b"instant impact. other than that, their excellent performance hasn't" b'been too much of a surprise. i think we should thank doughty for that.' b'' b"don't be so fast. doughty is the guy who signed steve buechele, which" b'was a move that threatened to bury kevin young in the minors.' b"meanwhile, i'm not sure whether doughty or simmons signed martin as a" b'six-year free agent before the season.' b'' b'9) rookie pitchers: worse than expected, especially cooke.' b'' b"twice through the rotation, and you've given up? yikes." b'' b"10) slaught: how come he wasn't given a contract extension last year?" b'now his value has increased immensely.' b'' b'but so has his age, at least in baseball terms. the useful half-life' b"of a year-old injury-prone catcher can't be much longer than a year." b'' b'11) lonnie smith!! well, eric davis was signed for a comparable amount.' b'' b'but he wanted to be a dodger, and felt he had something to prove after his' b"disastrous i don't think there was any chance for the bucs to sign" b'him.' b'' b"let's see. eric can hit better. he can run better. he can field better." b'now why didnt the pirates go after eric davis. an injured davis is better' b'than a healthy lonnie smith.' b'' b"he certainly wasn't last year." b'' b"even if lonnnie smith gets some big hits this year,he won't be an asset." b'he has looked terrible on the bases and in the field.' b'' b'hey, that\'s the "skates smith" package deal. anybody who acquires' b'lonnie for his defense or base-running (particularly at this stage) is' b'a real weirdo.' b'' b'12) management: big big zero. sauer has yet to make a forceful argument' b'in favor of revenue sharing. he seems more concerned about pleasing that' b'idiot danforth by preparing the team for a move to tampa bay.' b'' b"if that's the goal of the team ownership, than i don't see why sauer" b"gets a zero for making his boss happy. i don't know what he has or" b"hasn't said about revenue sharing, so i can't comment there." b'' b'13) alex cole fiasco.' b' [stuff deleted]' b"ironically, the biggest accomplishment of simmons' tenure was" b'getting alex cole really cheap. too bad. [that he gave him away in the' b'expansion draft.]' b'' b"it's annoying, but since leyland seems to have been pushing for them" b'to retain jeff king, it was probably unavoidable. meanwhile, i think' b"bigger accomplishments of simmons' tenure were getting some value for" b'john smiley, not trading real prospects for veterans down the stretch' b'last year, drafting well in letting the rookies show something' b'in foley, smith, and candelaria were acquired to be replacement' b"parts, which means that even if fail it hasn't done serious damage to" b"the bucs' future." b'' b'14) compensatory draft picks for bonds: forget it. the pirates can rant' b'and rave. they will not get those picks. as of now, the issue is still' b'being appealed.' b'' b'does this mean that the bucs lost the initial arbitration case? i' b'never heard the outcome of this. when will the final verdict be in on' b'this?' b'' b'now, if this doesnt convince anyone that simmons and sauer are idiots,' b'nothing else will.' b'' b"i'm not sure who was the idiot in this case, so i don't know who to" b'blame. it might have been doug danforth, after all. in fact, i' b'*seriously* suspect it was doug danforth, who has shown his' b'willingness to call the shots at exactly those moments when the gun is' b'pointed at his feet.' b'' b"(btw--i've wondered whether my latest posts have been getting" b'off-site, so if somebody known to impersonate e.e. cummings can see' b'this, would he drop me a short note?)' b'' b'jking' b'' b'' b'' 