b'' b'why did i get sucked into this?' b'' b"don't you guys think so? i mean, c'mon! what the heck are women doing" b'even thinking of getting into baseball. they cause so many problems. just' b'' b"assuming you're serious, i guess you'd be surprised to hear" b"that us guys don't think so. i would guess that a tiny fraction" b'of of the folks reading your post agree with it. i kind of' b'doubt that even you agree with it.' b'' b"i'm not going to go through your points one at a time, because," b'after all, not many of them have anything at all to do with baseball.' b'' b"i'm only replying to this because you brought up pam postema, the" b'aaa umpire who sued (is suing?) baseball on the grounds of sex' b"discrimination because she wasn't promoted to the majors." b'' b"jeez! look at pam postema. just because she's a woman, everybody on the" b"face of the earth thinks it's great that she's getting an opportunity to" b'ump. if you even watched the games and had an iq greater than that of' b"roast beef, you'd see that she is not nearly as good as most aaa umpires." b'' b"i've never seen her ump a game. i have no first hand experience" b'with her ability as an umpire.' b'' b'but i have seen her on talk shows. and her point seems to be' b'that she can call balls and strikes as well as any of the' b'umpires and she knows the rulebook better than most. it seems' b"to me that she is missing the point and if that's how she sees" b"the role of umpires in the game, well i wouldn't promote her" b'either.' b'' b'the umpires primary role has nothing to do with calling baserunners' b'safe or out; hell, joe lundy could do that. their primary function is' b'to maintain order in the game, keep the game moving, and keep the' b'players from trying to kill each other.' b'' b'umpires have to be extremely tough people. that disqualifies most' b'of us, both men and women. and if ms. postema thinks that she' b'deserves to be a major league umpire because of her command of' b'the rulebook, then i think that disqualifies her as well. umpires' b'need to command the game; command of the rulebook is secondary.' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'dave eisen "to succeed in the world, it is not' b'sequoia peripherals: be well-mannered." voltaire' b'home: 