b'' b'to all those out there wondering about who holds the record for three' b'homer games ina career, the answer is johnny mize in his career with the' b'cards and the yanks. he hit three times. i am almost sure about this. in' b'case anyone is wondering, the record for two homer games is held by babe' b"ruth and is mize's record may not last for much longer because of juan" b'gonzalez. he has at least three games with three and maybe i know that' b"he had at least two last year and one as a rookie. i don't have any record" b'books at college for me to check on though. please let me know, okay, if i' b'am wrong.' b"onto the padres. is there anyone out there who follows them?- especial-ly those with access to local news? i don't here anything in los angeles and i" b"can't get mcpaper consistently around here." b'comment: it looks as though san diego has gotten the better of the two deals' b'that brought bell and plantier to the padres. it has also forced the team to use darrell shermann. of course, plantier could get injured again or he could' b'hit with the power of but with a lower average. bell always could finish' b"with and hrs-essentially jerald clark's numbers." b"leadoff comment: craig shipley?????? i get on base of the time if i'm" b"lucky at leadoff? hell, of the usual starters, use gwynn. he's got steals" b'already. is shipley starting because of an injury to stillwell, though? i' b"haven't seen stillwell's name in any box scores. anyway unless you are going" b'to use shermann at leadoff then use gwynn. he at lesat gets on base and this' b'year is stealing bases.' b'sheffield comment: though the season is early and stats mean nothing.' b'witness phillips batting currently. but does sheffield have an injury,' b"or anythingelse wrong with him. i just don't hear anything." b"andy benes: is he pitching like he did in the second half of or is" b'this a flash of promise that he throws out evrey now and then? has anyone' b'seen him pitch the two good games?' b'score for today, sunday april padres st louis padres sweep the' b'cardinals as gwynn goes for with a homer. sheffield and tueful also homer' b'in a winning cause.' b'thanks for listening-reading' b'any comments????' b'' b'kelly keach' b'' 