b'' b'' b'so far simmons looks like a total idiot.' b'' b'' b'1) zane smith should learn how to "switchpitch" and return from the dl. i' b'would rather have zane smith pitch right handed than have moeller pitch at all.' b'' b'2) i am sure simmons was ready to say i told you so after otto had an' b"impressive win last week. now otto's latest debacle has restored simmon's" b"reputation. now he looks like he is back in his form when he had the" b"al's highest era among starters. four our sake(not ted's sake), i hope he" b'pitches with a era for the rest of the season. yeah, right.' b'' b'3) tomlin and merced are a bit disappointing. they are still doing decently.' b'but considering the considerable amount of talent and maturity they have' b'shown their first seasons, they seem to have actually gotten a little' b'bit worse. tomlin was almost unhittable his rookie year against lefty batters.' b'merced had a very good oba his rookie year. he showed a lot of concentration at' b'the plate in his rookie year.' b'' b'4) walk: well, he seems to be on the losing end tonight. but i still think that' b'walk desrved his contract.' b'' b'5) leyland should accept a part of the blame for the lavalliere situation. i' b"can't understand his and management's fear of losing tom prince through" b"waivers. even if they do, what's the use. he is aright hander like slaught." b'not a very smart platoon. also, i am blaming leyland in this case, since he is hcurrently convinced that lavalliere is through, while giving him' b'way too much time last year in the regular season and the playoffs(slaught' b'should have played in all games; he has a good average against right handed' b"pitching). didn't leyland and simmons forsee this last year, and attempt to" b'trade lavalliere last year itself? any fool could tell them lavalliere' b"wasn't very fit last year." b'' b'6) dennis moeller is scary!!!' b'7) candeleria: well, he is not going to have such a high era at the end of the' b'season. maybe it will be in range. but million plus? come on. other' b'than the customary home run giving stage patterson goes through for a few weeks,' b'patterson has served the pirates very well each year. so far, he seems to have' b'pitched well for the rangers. i think the pirates should have spent the money' b'on patterson in stead.' b'' b"8) the rookie batters: well, young has surprised me a bit with his instant impact. other than that, their excellent performance hasn't been too much of a surprise. i think we should thank doughty for that." b'' b'9) rookie pitchers: worse than expected, especially cooke.' b"10) slaught: how come he wasn't given a contract extension last year? now his" b'value has increased immensely.' b'' b'11) lonnie smith!! well, eric davis was signed for a comparable amount.' b"let's see. eric can hit better. he can run better. he can field better." b'now why didnt the pirates go after eric davis. an injured davis is better' b"than a healthy lonnie smith. even if lonnnie smith gets some big hits this year,he won't be an asset. he has looked terrible on the bases and in the field." b'' b'12) management: big big zero. sauer has yet to make a forceful agreement' b'in favor of revenue sharing. he seems more concerned about pleasing that' b'idiot danforth by preparing the team for a move to tampa bay.' b'13) alex cole fiasco. the pirates infield and cf positions look good. the' b'rf and lf would have looked good if we could have gotten cole to replace' b'two of the four outfielders. eric davis, van slyke and cole would have made a' b'very respectable outfield. even without eric davis, thye pirates would have' b'a respectable outfield with cole, svan slyke, and merced(i think he should hit' b'left handed against lefts in stead of switch hitting). simmons did have options' b"for the outfield. ironically, the biggest accomplishment of simmon's tenure was" b'getting alex cole really cheap. too bad.' b'' b'14) compensatory draft picks for bonds: forget it. the pirates can rant and rave.' b'they will not get those picks. as of now, the issue is still being appealed.' b'now, if this doesnt convince anyone that simmons and sauer are idiots,' b'nothing else will.' b'' b"on a final note. tim wakefield won't be as awful as he was in his last b"starts. but don't count on him pitching like last year for the rest of" b'the season. also, if the pirates are in contention towards rthe end of the' b"season, they will miss redus's clutch hitting and his speed(he has peaked" b'in the second half of the last seasons)' b'' b'' b'-pravin ratnam' 