b'' b'' b'compiled from the last five defensive average reports, here are the career' b'das for the individual players in the reports. stats are courtesy of' b'sherri nichols. players are listed in descending order.' b'' b'and some comments, with some players deleted.' b'' b'third basemen' b'-------------' b'' b'name b'mitchell, kevin b'yep, that kevin mitchell. i never would have expected him in the' b'#1 spot.' b'' b'gonzales, rene b"it's no accident that the first two names are only. as with first" b'and second base, was the year of the glove. average da was points' b'higher in both leagues than any other year.' b'' b'leius, scott b"looks good. too bad he's moving to short." b'' b'pendleton, terry b"highest five-year regular, though he's only had one year as good as kevin" b'mitchell b'' b'ventura, robin b'wallach, tim b'gruber, kelly b'the other elite fielders in the league.' b'' b'pagliarulo, mike b'this is an interesting line. his figure was slightly below average.' b'his was pathetic, and his was the next best year by anybody. part of' b'that may be his mobility. was with the yankees. was with the' b'padres, who appear to have a rotten infield. was with the twins, and' b'judging by leius and gaetti, the metrodome may be a good place to play' b'third.' b'' b'williams, matt b'add another to the elite fielders list.' b'' b'caminiti, ken b'sabo, chris b"too fielders whose career average may overstate their value. i don't know" b'what happened to caminiti judging by the three previous years, his low' b'1992 may be a fluke. sabo is merely average, however. his incredible b'(best year ever) brings his average up a lot.' b'' b'buechele, steve b'strange last two years.' b'' b'schmidt, mike b'according to reputation, one of the best fielders ever at third base.' b'but at the end, he was below average. (average in was b'' b'boggs, wade b"boggs has been pretty good. i don't know what happened in but every" b'other year he has been above average, usually by quite a bit.' b'' b'martinez, egdar b'last year a fluke or a portent?' b'' b'*nl average* b'seitzer, kevin b'*al average* b'why is it that the two leagues usually have defensive averages very close' b'to one another, but very different from year to year? any ideas?' b'' b'jacoby, brook b'brook is declining.' b'' b'hansen, dave b'magadan, dave b'jefferies, greg b"three first-time regulars, above average in i'm not sure why jefferies" b"gets all the grief about his fielding. he's never had a good year, but while" b'at second he improved to become an average fielder, and is an average fielder' b'at third.' b'' b'zeile, todd b"zeile, on the other hand, is a below average fielder. each year he's about" b"10 points below average. and it's probably not just the park, since terry" b'pendleton had excellent das in the three years before this.' b'' b'baerga, carlos b'moving back to second was a good idea.' b'' b'hayes, chris b"so why is hayes supposed to be good defensively? he's had a grand total" b'of one year above the league da, and was pretty bad last year.' b'' b'johnson, howard b'lansford, carney b'howard johnson and carney lansford separated at birth. to his credit,' b"hojo did have one above average year lansford couldn't even break" b'the mark without the help of the year of the glove.' b'' b'hollins, dave b'good hitter, but his fielding needs work.' b'' b'sheffield, gary b'not a good fielder.' b'' b'blauser, jeff b'fryman, travis b'both are better off at shortstop.' b'' b'gomez, lee b"two consecutive horrible years for leo. camden yards doesn't seem to" b'have helped his fielding any.' b'' b'palmer, dean b'texas slugger debuts with not only the lowest career da, but the lowest' b'da at third ever. congratulations, dean.' b'--' b'' b'"it is considered good to look wise, especially when not' b'overburdened with information" j. golden kimball' 