b'' b'' b"no, he's not nuts, wip is second to none the sports station. they" b"don't have tony bruno working espn radio and al morganti doing friday" b'night hockey because they suck. i live in richmond va, but i visit' b'phila often, and on the way i get wtem washington) and wip. i hear' b'the fan at night wherever i go (the signal used to be wnbc, when they' b"played golden oldies) because you can't avoid it. of those three," b"wip has the best hosts hands down. chuck cooperstein isn't a homer," b'and neither is jody mac. wtem is too generic to be placed in the' b'catergory. in fact if you have heard wtem and the fan you notice the' b'theme music is identical...same ownership?? i think so! wip is' b'totally original. their hosts actually have a personality (this is a' b'knock at tem (the team) not the fan because mike and the mad dog and' b'sommers are good) i mean comparing the morning guys in philadelphia' b'to the ones in washington is a total joke. anyway, i like the fan' b"and wip, but i think the edge goes to 'ip." b'' b'when i get back from philly, i go into withdraw cause richmond has' b'nada except the national sports line (and those guys are totally' b'clueless)' b'i was really mad when wcau was cancelled because they had steve' b'fredericks doing sports phone after the phillies games. (wcau is' b"another strong station, now it's an oldies station, but they still" b'have the phillies) i started listening to the fan because i heard he' b"went there. i finally heard him last summer and he wasn't the same" b'guy. those ny fans got to him. i was glad to hear him back in' b'philly when i went to see a few eagles games.' b'' b'' b'i will admit, i am die hard eagles fan and wip is basically an' b'eagles station days a year. but, i bet you the phillies are in' b'control right now.' b'' b'' b'about the knock on g. cobb, i like him. he knows the eagles like a' b'book. i remember the weekend before they went to play san fran,' b'(when everyone thought the eagles would be blown away) cobb said that' b'the eagles usually play their best when no one believe they can win.' b'well they were inches shy of pulling the victory.' b'' b"well that's my 