b'' b'was going over some videos last night.....' b'' b'studying and videotapes of jose canseco proved to be very' b'interesting. and enlightening.' b'' b"here's my analysis of jose canseco, circa sep and jose canseco," b'circa june b'' b"1. he's bulked up too much. period. he needs to lose about pounds," b'not gain more bulk.' b'' b"2. his bat speed has absolutely vanished. conservatively, i'd say he's" b"lost of his bat speed, and that's a huge amount of speed." b'' b'3. that open stance is killing him. note that he acts sort of like' b'brian downing way open to start, then closes up as ball is' b'released. downing could do this without significant head movement b"canseco can't. also, note that canseco doesn't always close his" b'stance the same way sometimes, his hips are open, sometimes,' b"they're fully closed. without a good starting point, it's hard" b'to make adjustments in your swing.' b'' b'what would i do, if i were jose?' b'' b'aside from salting away a large sum of a cash that i could never touch,' b"so that i'd never have to work again, i'd restructure my entire swing." b'' b'first, minimize movement before the swing. close and widen the stance,' b'and severely cut down the stride i take on my swing. hopefully, this' b'will cut down on the time i need to swing, and will allow me to move' b'the bathead more freely.' b'' b'second, drop pounds. cut out the weight work.' b'' b'third, relax the wrists. will cost some power, but until i can find' b'my stroke, concentrate on keeping the back shoulder up, rolling' b'the wrists through the strike zone, and hit line drives. his strength' b'is more than enough so that some of those line drives will get out of' b'the park.' b'' b"if canseco's open stance and resulting bad habits are a result of his back" b"problems, he'll be out of baseball in three years. if not, he could" b'still hit hr.' b'' b'' b'--' b'* gary huckabay "you think that\'s loud enough, a$$hole?" b'* "movie rights "well, if you\'re having trouble hearing it, sir, b"* available thru i'd be happy to turn it up for you. i didn't b'* ted frank." know that many people your age liked king\'s x." 