b'' b'' b'' b' hispanic magazine(april had a couple of interesting articles about' b'hispanic players including its hispanic all-star team.' b'some of the major points are:' b'' b"npr's morning edition aired a report this morning on" b'hispanic/latin american players in mlb and how they have many of' b'the same problems faced by black/negro/african american players' b'when they first entered the league. however, although baseball' b'has adjusted to the presence of black players, many hispanic' b'players still labor under the stereotype of being "fireballs,' b'hot blooded, flashy". the report also emphasised that despite' b'the rantings (my word) of jessie jackson about baseballs' b'discrimination against black players in its upper echelons,' b'baseball has actually done much better by black players than' b'hispanic players.' b'' b'another interesting point was the language barrier problem. the' b'reporter elaborated on an interview with ruben sierra which he' b'gave in spanish to a spanish speaking newspaper reporter with' b'the fact that there are maybe major baseball writers that' b'speak spanish, despite the fact that spanish is one of (if not' b'the) easiest languages to learn, so easy that the author cormac' b'mccarthy learned spanish at age in order to research his' b'book, _all the pretty horses_. yet, few mlb organizations' b'employ spanish speaking personel, one of the exceptions being' b"the oakland a's." b'' b'another point:' b'' b'nearly of latin american players have some african blood.' b"yet, most report that they'd never really felt black until" b'playing ball in the us.' b'' b'' b'ironically enough, it is the early presence of latin american' b'baseball players in the major leagues that support the idea that' b'baseball was integrated before the arrival of jackie robinson,' b'as many "light black" or "brown", latin americans were' b'incorporated into baseball.' b'' b'/s' b'--' b'"i did not know the cure for the disease b'of images, but i believed in the healing sandra vigil b'- until the end of the world 