b'' b'i have posted two new postings on the net, since i discovered how to use it,' b'and both times i received redicule for predicting the red sox as high as' b'third in the al east. id like to hear why it is people dont think the sox' b'can be as high as third this year. here are some of my observations:' b'' b'well, had you been a bit less exuberant in both the tone and substance of' b'your predictions, the responses would probably have been a bit more' b'measured. be that as it may....' b'' b'1. roger and frank are in vintage form, and the sox are rresponding to them.' b"clemens is always in this form, and viola isn't really performing beyond" b'what might reasonably have been expected. how do you know that the sox are' b'responding to them, and not to al bumbry, hobson, or (my most likely' b'suspect) new hitting coach mike easler? i certainly am more likely to give' b"easler credit for mo vaughhn's hot start than clemens or viola." b'' b'2. greenwell is hitting as he did before his injuries.' b"this was the optimistic scenario, but not unreasonably so. he hasn't shown" b'much power yet, though.' b'' b'3. dawson is providing the leadership and some hitting they need from him.' b"how can you tell that dawson is providing the leadership? perhaps it's" b"calderon? perhaps it's clemens and viola? maybe hobson is finally showing" b'those people skills he was supposed to have when they hired him. or maybe' b"it's all a myth. and dawson has been hitting reasonably well, but not as" b'well as greenwell, vaughn, cooper, or fletcher.' b'' b'4. russell is finishing well.' b"in three games. why don't we look at this one again in, say, july?" b'' b'5. fletcher is hitting well as a leadoff hitter.' b"a bit better than could reasonably have been expected. but don't forget that" b"zupcic looked like wade boggs lite for about ab's last year. beware of" b"small sample sizes. still, if fletcher hits as well as he did last year he'd" b'be a great improvement over any sox leadoff hitter from last year. be aware' b'that his career numbers seem to indicate that he puts up good numbers as' b"long as he doesn't have to make more than ab or so in a year." b'' b"6. cooper is hitting well (i think he'll be better then boggs in the field" b'and just as good at the plate)' b'ummm...sorry, no. i can buy the "in the field" part, and i think he\'ll be' b"better at the plate than the boggs, but in general cooper, while he'll" b"be a pretty good hitter, couldn't carry boggs' jockstrap. with a little" b'luck, he could be the fourth or fifth best 3b in the al (martinez, boggs,' b'ventura, and palmer will all be better).' b'' b'if the sox pitch like last year (they have a better pitchiong staff, now)' b'and hit like they are so far, they coiuld run away with thee division. but' b'since i think that their hitting and pitching may not be up to the challenge' b'of running away with the division, i think that they win be over and at' b'least third if not second or first.' b'' b'see, here is where you make that quick left turn off into the aether. b'is plausible, third is not unlikely, but phrases like "could run away with' b'the division" are likely to get you a visit from the men in the white' b"coats. it's not really clear that their staff is better than last year. if" b"russell does well, darwin doesn't go on the dl, and hesketh doesn't pitch" b'just barely well enough to avoid losing his spot in the rotation, they could' b"be better. on the other hand, if hesketh pitches miserably and they're too" b'stupid to move him to the pen and bring up conroy or somebody, fossas' b"continues to pitch dismally but they keep giving him innings becasue he's a" b'lefty, and russell explodes they could be pretty bad.' b'' b'' b'god is a comedian playing to an audience that is afraid to laugh.' b'- mark twain' 