b'' b'' b'yes everyone seems to be in agreement that the yankees are' b'finally moving in the right direction. they should finish' b'over this year and maybe even be in the pennent race' b'in august. however, i would take back a few moves:' b'' b'1. the jim abbott trade.' b'i think abbott is not only an inspirational person, but a' b'great pitcher also. he could win the cy young this year,' b"but he won't because the right side of the yanks infield" b"isn't good enough. so why was this not a good trade?" b'jt snow. how many rookies have been able to step in and' b'immediately have the impact that he has had so far on' b"the angels? i know it's early, but if you've seen this kid" b'hit, field or talk you can just tell that he is going to be' b'a tremendous player. the yanks should have kept him. what' b"about mattingly, you ask? well it's great that the yanks" b"have taken care of him and remained loyal, but he's years" b"older than snow and just doesn't have the same bat speed as" b"before his back injury. it's a shame, but as a yankee fan" b"who wants to see the *best* yankee team, i'd take" b'snow over mattingly at first. the yanks also gave up two' b'promising propects with snow for abbott. besides, with' b'domingo jean, brien taylor, wickman, militello, and sterling' b'hitchcock, they are just loaded with propects. i know abbotts' b'only but this was too much to give up. i believe george' b"forced this trade because he believes (and he's right) that" b"abbott will be a big hit in ny. however, i'd like to see the" b'yankees build a baseball team, not an amusement show.' b'' b'2. wade boggs.' b'i live in boston and like wade a lot. but, his career is' b'winding down and i would rather see the yanks start to develop' b'a long term solution (i.e. hensley muelins, russ davis, velarde?).' b"besides, wade just doesn't have any range. what a shame about" b'charlie hayes, huh?' b'' b'3. spike owen.' b"see wade boggs. i'd much rather see them develop dave silvestri" b'or whoever. wade and spike next to each other in the infield is' b'going to raise the yankee staff era point. and these guys' b'are on the down sides of their careers.' b'' b'4. danny tartabull.' b"yes he's put up some tremendous numbers and it's nice to think" b'about what he could do if he were ever healthy all year. but he' b'never is. we should expect games max out of him. meanwhile,' b"gerald williams is playing at columbus and paul o'neil is playing" b"left field! i believe o'neil led nl outfielders in assists" b'last year and tartabull is a poor defensive outfielder.' b'' b"what i'm basically getting at is the yanks are moving in the right" b'direction but are not ready to win a pennent this year. they should' b'(at the gm level) be planning for a or world series. this' b'means getting the younger players experience in the majors now so they' b'will be ready in a year or two.' b'' b"i'm afraid that all this stuff wreaks of george steinbrenner." b'certainly, the boggs deal was all george. it looks like george is' b'planning the right mix of veterans and young players to win a world' b'series now. the veterans are always available and can be added at any' b'time (like boston did this year). develop the young players first,' b'then add the one or two veterans (or in the yankees case, just keep' b"them). let's all us yankee fans hope that george doesn't dismantle" b'the terrific job stick and company have done building the yankee' b"organization back into one of respect. i'm really afraid that he will" b'trade whoever it takes to patch holes today (relief pitching for' b'example). george must realize that the yankees rebuilding process is' b'still one or two years away. have patience george and we will all' b"enjoy the future. fire bucky and trade the kids and it's baseball" b'hell for all loyal yankee fans for a long time!' b'' b'sam "i\'m not militello or millitello" mandelbaum.' b'' b'' b'' 