b'' b'went to the dodgers game tonight it was cap night.' b'' b'astacio pitched ok, but had control trouble all night.' b'in the first, he walked a batter, balked him to second, then' b'a single scored the run, with the batter taking second on the' b'throw home. another single made the score cards.' b'' b'lasorda tried a new line up featuring butler, reed, and piazza' b'batting third! darryl and eric were benched in favor of snyder' b'and webster.' b'' b'piazza homered in the first to make the score cards.' b'the dodgers tied the game in the second on a two out single' b'by offerman.' b'' b'by the fourth inning, astacio had already made about pitches, but' b'the score was still the dodger defense made several impressive' b'plays. piazza looked great behind the plate, gunning down a runner' b'trying to steal second, throwing a runner out at first who' b'had strayed a bit from first base, etc.' b'' b'karros also made a spectacular play, keeping a ball from going into' b'the outfield. the runner on first was so sure that ball was going' b'through, he just kept running past second. karros got up and threw' b'to third and easily got the runner at third.' b'' b'my heart sank in the 7th when gross got up to warm up in the bullpen.' b'' b'astacio was lifted for a pinch hitter, and when gross entered the game' b'with the score still dodger fans just knew it was over.' b'' b'gross was relieving because he stunk on tuesday, pitching just b'innings, forcing lasorda to use much of his bullpen. the inning' b'game had the same effect the next night...so only gross was fresh' b'given his light work out tuesday.' b'' b'gross lived up to his name. he walked the first batter, gave up a hit' b'to the second, and walked the bases loaded. after a grounder resulted' b'in a force at home, zeile lifted a scoring fly ball to make it' b'3-2 cards. gross paid little attention to the runners, and the next' b'thing you knew, the cards had stolen a fourth run. the runner on' b'first was eventually tagged out in the run down, but the 4th run had' b'scored long before that.' b'' b'meanwhile, the dodgers mounted little offense after the second inning.' b'lee smith pitched the ninth. he had little trouble getting karros' b'and wallach (does anyone have trouble with wallach these days?).' b'cory snyder collected his first hit as a dodger, a single, but' b'that was all the offense the dodgers could mount. smith got his' b'third straight save against the dodgers and all i got was my' b'free dodger cap and a good look at piazza. if piazza keeps this' b'up all year, he will be a strong candidate for rookie of the year' b'honors. though its really early, karros is already showing signs' b'of a sophomore jinx year.' b'' b'the final score...cardinals runs on hits.' b'dodgers runs on hits.' b'' b'dodger' b'' 