b'' b'' b'' b'the media is beating the incident at dodger stadium on wednesday to' b"death, but i haven't seen anything in rsb yet." b'' b'gerald perry of the cardinals pinch hit in the eighth inning with two' b'on and his club down by a run. he stroked a line drive into the' b'right field corner. the ball cleared the three-foot high fence and' b'went into the crowd. darryl, racing over from right center, got to' b'the spot in time to reach his glove up over the short fence, but he' b'missed the ball. a fan sitting in the front row, wearing a mitt,' b'reached up and caught the ball. home run.' b'' b"now i've seen the replay several times and i have concluded that" b"darryl missed the ball, and that the fan's glove was essentially" b"behind darryl's. several dodger fans with seats in the immediate" b'vicinity have claimed that the fan unquestionably interfered with' b'strawberry. what cannot be disputed, however, is that the fan' b'who caught the ball never took his eye off it; he was oblivious' b'to where the fielder was playing. he was also quite exuberant as' b'soon as he realized he had made the catch.' b'' b'that exuberance disappeared immediately, however, when strawberry' b'went into a tirade at the man. all reports indicate he used a lot' b'of profanity and accused the man of interference, and therefore of' b'costing the dodgers a game. shortly afterwards other fans hurled' b'food and beverages toward the man who made the catch. dodger stadium' b'officials started to remove him from the park, but then relented and' b'just relocated him to another area. in an interview after the game,' b'lasorda blamed the fan for the loss. strawberry also went into a' b"tirade about how the fans are stupid and they don't care about" b'winning. l.a. times columnists similarly blasted the man who made' b'the catch.' b'' b'before each dodger game the public address announcer makes a speech' b'wherein he says that fans are welcome to the souvenirs of balls that' b'are hit into the stands as long as they do not interfere with any' b'that are in the field of play. was the fan wrong? should he have' b'been more aware of the situation and acted to avoid any possibility' b'of interference? or was he human and just reacting? by the way, he' b'is a season ticket holder and on his request the dodgers have relocated' b'his seats to another area of the stadium where future interference is' b'impossible.' b'' b'others have questioned why darryl should be so concerned with what' b'the fan did when he has a grand total of rbi through the first' b'nine games.' b'' b'i question what he was doing in right center with a left-handed pull' b'hitter up and the game on the line. had he been closer to the play,' b'he certainly would have had a much better chance of catching the ball.' b'' b'but i guess the big debate continues as to what are the responsibilities' b'of the fan.' b'' b'' b'' b'--\tthe beastmaster' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'mark singer' 