b'' b'\tthe reason i bothered doing this dr stuff was to see if i could' b'determine the answer to the age-old question: "is jeff blauser more' b'valuable than rafael belliard".' b'' b'well, it looks like, just as doug trumped tim, beating him to the net' b'with his defensive analyses, so tim has gotten in ahead of me.' b'' b'the way i was doing it was a little different. being me, of course, i' b'used equivalent averages to work out how many runs a player was worth,' b'and i calculated both rate of performance (fielding equivalent' b'average) and total performance (fielding equivalent runs). but i' b'compared, not to the average player, but the replacement player, and' b"here's why: because the positional adjustment comes built in to the" b'system. in the al of the average ss is runs above' b'replacement (rar); cf, 2b, 3b, lf, rf, b'1b, we may quibble with the exact numbers, but the order looks' b'substantially right.' b'' b'in the equivalent average, i have always set league average to i' b'had decided in hitting that the replacement level batter has an eqa of' b'.180; the name of that replacement level hitter, often as not, is' b'"billy ripken". i decided to let the replacement level fielder be the' b'same distance from as but in the opposite direction as i' b'have set it up; that makes for an eqa of (yes, i can add. runs' b'are proportional to eqa squared; the difference between squared' b'and squared equals the difference to squared, and i rounded' b'off for simplicity). an all-replacement fielding team would have:' b'randy milligan at first willie randolph at second, leo' b'gomez at third, walt weiss at short, kevin bass b'in left, hojo in center, and eric anthony in right. ugh.' b'' b'so, the total number of rar for a player is the sum of his batting and' b'fielding rar. i can rate them by total rar, or rar per some number of' b'batting outs, like an average player has a total rar of about b'30 batting, fielding.' b'' b'total rar (bat/field)' b'' b'1. bonds ventura b'2. sandberg thomas b'3. van slyke anderson b'4. grace raines b'5. lankford puckett b'6. pendleton alomar b'7. finley martinez e b'8. bagwell mack b'9. butler mcgwire b'10 sheffield griffey b'11 larkin devereaux b'12 grissom henderson b'13 walker listach b'14 justice lofton b'15 w. clark baerga b'16 kruk d. white b'17 o. smith palmeiro b'18 gwynn sierra b'19 hollins carter b'20 j. bell gonzalez b'' b'notable entries in a per-400 batting out rating, nl: top are bonds,' b'177, lf; sandberg, 2b; van slyke, cf; grace, 1b;' b'larkin, ss; justice, rf; sheffield, 3b. one at each' b'position measured! mcgriff, despite batting rar, fifth in league,' b'finishes out of the top due to a in fielding. last by position:' b'galarraga stillwell hansen belliard (blauser gad a b'3rd in league), may dascenzo anthony b'' b'in the al, much-maligned rickey henderson was worth second only' b"to frank thomas' ventura edges edgar at third, grebeck" b'rates a potent griffey edges puckett as top cf, listach' b'nudges out lofton among rookies, and alomar clearly outpoints' b'baerga, last by position: segui sojo palmer lewis' b'31, polonia cuyler v. hayes b'' b'all for now.' b'' b'clay d.' 