b'' b'' b'i hope that this comes off as a somewhat unbiased assesment' b'of wfan and wip(i go to school in philadelphia, and i listen to' b'both stations on a consistant basis.) now that the fan has mike' b'lupica on from to noon, they have a person who can get the' b'big name guests for interviews, and not just of local importance' b'he did have dave cheketts and fred wilpon on his show, but he' b'had bob costas and magic johnson on too.' b'now here are my opinions of the two stations competing talent:' b'morning show:' b'in my opinion, i think imus is much better than bruno, cataldi,' b'and morganti, even though i would feel different if morganti' b'had a better crew of people to work with. to me, wip tries' b'to copy imus but make it all sports as a theme. in terms of' b'sports, imus lacks the blanketing of the airwaves, but he' b'interjects humor and politics into his show.' b'10 am to noon:' b'i think chuck cooperstein and lupica are equal in their' b'abilities to host a radio show, but i think chuck has the' b'advantage over lupica in terms of dealing with the caller' b'who is asking about who the local team is going to draft' b'in the sixth round. lupica and the other hosts on fan get' b'better interview guests, but i heard the pd of wip say that' b'they were not interested in interviews with celebrities unless' b'it was a major story.' b'i would consider this even because they are two different' b'styles of host.' b'' b'12 noon to pm:' b'at this point, i would have to give a big advantage to' b'jody mcdonald over len berman because lenny has only been' b'on for a couple of weeks. i just think jm has the ability' b'to transcend the "homer" mentality of the philadelphia fan' b'base. this is most evident when the iggles(philadelphia' b'spelling) play the cowboys because jm is a huge dallas fan.' b'where else can you have people call up and predict a b"score without the egging of the hosts(re:wip morning 'guys')" b'i do agree that jm was great on the fan weekend overnight' b'and i miss hearing him over the current crop of rotating' b'hosts. i feel that jm is the best sportstalk host on' b'either station by a good margin. if you are in ny and' b"you can't get wip, jm does fill in on the weekends sometimes." b'' b'2pm to 4pm:' b'this is the time when jm goes up against francesa and' b'russo(fatso and froot loops) and i become the most divided' b'in my loyalties. mike and the dog are very entertaining,' b'but they often go an hour or so without calls or even b'to minutes without talking about sports. matd do' b'get great guests and that is the basis for their show, so' b'it is like the to debate. another plus is the' b'appearances by mike and chris on imus in the morning, which' b'are often hilarious.' b'' b'4 pm to pm:' b'matd go up against fredericks and missanelli. i like' b"mike missanelli but i just can't stomach steve fredericks." b'i know that sf came from philly originally, but when he' b'was at the fan, he was a ny homer as much as he is a philly' b"homer now. i don't listen to wip much after pm unless there" b'is a game on that night, but you will see later for the' b'reason. that is why i give the advantage to fan.' b'' b'7 pm to midnight:' b's&m are on wip until and then it is the man who makes' b'eli that calls matd all the time seem like a novice on' b'charges of racism, g cobb. this man is so grating on my' b'nerves that if i listen to him for a few minutes i go' b'nuts.(i know that is biased, but listen to his show)' b'on fan, there is usually a game on, knicks, rangers, mets' b"jets, or st. john's basketball. if the game is on the" b'west coast, then it is usually howie rose. of course' b'i think dead air would be better than g cobb on wip, but' b'wip does air sixers and flyers games during the season.' b'(if this is the sports station, why did they lose the' b'iggles to wysp(home of howard stern in phil.))' b'during the summer, it' b'is all talk on wip.' b'' b'' b'overall, i would have to give the advantage to wfan, with' b'the exception of to and to where it is even, and' b'12 to where wip has the advantage.' b'' b'' b'' b'rich' b'--' b'"you\'ve read the hat, now see the movie."' b'-imus in the morning' b'"a blurb? you\'re a blurb!"' b'-seinfeld' 