b'' b'off and on over the last several months, threads about rbis and' b'related topics have gotten me to thinking about how well we can' b"predict a player's rbis using information about his overall" b'performance and the number of runners in scoring position (risp)' b'that he bats with. in the brock2 model, bill james calculated' b'predicted rbis as rbi=.235*(total bases) home runs. this' b'completely ignores the context, which was all that brock2' b"could do, since context was unknown to it. so i thought i'd" b'take that idea as a starting point and look how good a fit to' b'the data you get by comparing (rbi-home runs) to slg*risp.' b'' b"i've started with team data, using data from the elias's that" b"i've picked up over the years when a) i could afford them and" b"b) i could stomach the thought of increasing elias's profits." b"that gave me the years and (i don't" b"have team rbis for or i could add that year.) if you" b'run a simple least squares fit to the data you get' b'' b'(rbi-home runs) 0.81*slg*risp.' b'' b'the correlation between the lhs and the rhs is which is' b'significant at a ridiculously high level. so, i feel like the' b"fit is good at the team level. i've no started to move on to" b'the player level and have looked at players (will clark,' b'ozzie smith, joe carter, and don mattingly). i hope to' b'add quite a few more during my copious free time this year.' b'' b"it doesn't do too badly, except the equation underpredicts the" b'low hr hitter (smith), which may be a fault of the model or it' b'could just be ozzie. the results:' b'' b'rbi-hr' b'years actual predicted' b'carter b'clark b"matt'ly b'smith b'' b'i think we can make a case (and i hope to make it stronger) that' b'rbis can be predicted simply from knowing how a player slugs overall' b'and how many men are in scoring position when he comes up.' b'' b'more later,' b'harold' b'--' b'national severe storms laboratory (norman, ok)' b'"i used to work for a brewery, too, but i didn\'t drink on the job."' b"-p. bavasi on dal maxvill's view that florida can win the nl east in 