b'' b' before folks jump on me, let me ask the net would the jays' b' have won the al with a good pitcher from aaa in place of morris (given' b" his run support)? how about an average ml pitcher? i can't believe" b" that morris' performance in the playoffs and series had a large positive" b' impact on the jays performance b"i know it's very trendy nowadays to dump on morris, but let's give credit" b'where credit is due.' b'it is doubtful that the blue jays would have won the al east without morris.' b'last year, when the team went for the month of august, and all the' b'other starters were being shelled, and milwaukee was making a charge,' b"morris went with a pretty good era (i can't remember exactly)." b"also, let's not underestimate the importance his innings to save" b"the bullpen every fifth day. if he didn't help us win the al east, forget" b'about the pennent and the world series.' b'' b'a guy who threw innings with about run lower era would have saved the' b'bullpen even more. say, somebody like frank viola innings).' b'' b"his run support was high runs) but so was stottlemyer's runs)" b'and he won only games. i do remember morris winning an inordinate number of' b'6-5 and ballgames, but this is to his credit. he pitched only as good' b'as he needed to be. when he was up in a ballgame, he just put it in cruise' b'control and threw the ball up there and let the batters "get themseleves out"' b'(i hate this expression!). an inexperienced pitcher would wear himself out' b'trying to make perfect pitches to keep his era down. but morris, being a' b'veteran pitcher, knows that winning is the only thing that really matters in' b'baseball. by saving himself, he was able to reach back for that little extra' b'(i hate this too!) when the game was on the line.' b'' b'nice audition tape. send it to:' b'baseball tonight' b'attn: ray knight' b'espn' b'bristol, ct' b'' b'have you, by chance, taken a look at the boxscores from last year to' b'determine the accuracy of your account? i seem to recall morris getting at' b'least or wins last year when the jays came back from behind after they' b'had decided to pull morris at the end of an inning.' b'' b'' b'dictionaries are merely checkpoint records of linguistic history.' b'- truly donovan' 