b'' b'writes:' b'(mike silverman) writes:' b'o any of you experts want to analyze ron gant?' b'' b'omeone sure needs to analyze him. gant is a head case. in his, what, six or' b"seven years in the majors, he's put together a combined total of maybe one" b"good season? he lacks self-confidence, but worse, he doesn't really" b'understand baseball. curiously, he seems to perform best when his job' b'is threatened. sit him down for a game, and he might get a hit the next' b'night. but let him play, and what is he thinking about? getting hits,' b"driving in runs? no, he's worried if he's going to get that stolen" b'bases, or that 100th career home run. he appears to have no learning curve.' b'he never figured out how to play third base (what a fiasco). he still' b"plays the outfield with his legs. he's lucky he's so fast, because it enables" b'him to outrun his mistakes (but, as i suggested earlier in the season, it' b"looks to me like he's slowing down a little bit, or else every groundskeeper" b'is watering the infield dirt a little extra).' b'' b'gant has had way too much of a chance already. he may get hot again for' b"a couple of months, but he'll always revert to his true level." b'' b"gant's ml record age this season." b'' b'year g ab ba obp slg hr sb cs' b'1987 b'1988 3rd base expt. year' b'1989 b'1990 b'1991 b'1992 b'' b'in the majors for parts of seasons, total playing time' b'approx seasons.' b'' b"just looking at his hitting record, he's had seasons of ops" b'greater than which is pretty good for an of. his' b'1988 season is pretty decent for a rookie 2b. the move to' b'third base explains a lot of his when he returned as an of,' b'he began hitting again. and of course, last year he slumped.' b'' b'but no learning curve? he has obviously improved his batting eye' b'over the years, as well as his sb/cs ratio. as to his fielding,' b'he was an infielder when he was drafted, a 2bman as he came' b'up through the braves system, and then the braves put him through' b"2 position changes in the space of a year. he's an adequate of," b'although not great, and at least some of your perception of his' b'fielding is colored by watching him learn to play the of at the' b"ml level. (i know you're another long-term braves fan b'' b"about playing 3b...imo, that's the 2nd most difficult position" b'to field, after catcher. at ss or 2b, you need more range and' b"speed, but at 3b, you've got to have quick reflexes and have" b'a gun for an arm. there are no second chances at 3b, even when' b"playing sandlot softball! granted, i'd still put my best" b"overall infielder at ss, but that's because he gets more" b'chances, not because the job is harder. it still amazes me' b'that so many teams have tried to convert other position players' b'to 3b. but maybe that\'s because the supply of "natural" 3b is' b'scarce.' b'' b'finally, gant is a player who puts pressure on himself to' b"perform well, and works hard to improve. you don't get" b'those amazingly huge arms on that relatively small body without a' b"lot of weight work. now, whether he's been overdoing it these" b'days may be a valid question, as is the question of whether' b'he tries too hard to make something happen during each at-bat.' b'but frankly, if a player is going to not live up to potential,' b"i'd much rather they fail by trying too hard, than by not" b'trying hard enough. you might be able to teach relaxation' b"to an adult; but at that age i don't believe you can teach" b'hustle.' b'' b"all that said, i don't think i'd sign gant to another long-term" b"contract. he's now, and i think he's free-agent eligible" b"in years, when he'll be given his career curve and" b"limitations, i wouldn't expect him to last much past b"as a ml ballplayer. he might surprise me here, but atlanta's" b"got some talent on the farm, and i'd rather take my chances" b'down the road with nieves et al.' b'' b'eric' 