b'' b"of course, this is *not* the same as claiming (as some do) that galarraga's" b'inability to defer gratification isn\'t hurting his team because he "isn\'t' b'paid to walk" or "is an rbi guy" or whatever.' b"alright, that's enough. i've suffered with all kinds of insults (as" b'typical for the net), but give me a break. galarraga is currently' b"batting over and you guys are complaining that he isn't drawing" b'enough walks. what would he have to do to please you guys, bat b'you can hardly claim that he is "hurting his team".' b'' b'it would help if his obp were higher than his batting average. yes, the' b'april usa today lists le grand chapeau as having a batting average' b"and a obp. that's on 19-for-45 hitting with (zip, nil, nada) walks." b"the reason a lot of us are down on galarraga is that he's has a long history" b'of showing that this is nowhere near his real level of ability (except for' b"drawing walks). if he hit for, say, even ab's i'd be convinced that" b"there was a real change in his ability. if he did it with an obp<avg, i'd" b"not only be amazed but i'd make a bet that that would be a unique feat in" b"the history of the game. but what do ab's prove? look at some of the" b'other fluke players at this point in the season:' b'player avg ab' b'blauser b'grace b'milligan b'conine b'lansing b'slaught b'are any of these guys really that good? well, in a word, no. how significant' b"is galarraga's average? at the ab level, a hit is worth about if" b"he'd had one of those hits called an error and one taken away by a good" b"defensive play, he'd be in the range. if he goes 0-for-4 in his next" b"game he's all the way down to in one game. come back in june. let's" b'talk then.' b'' b'if it happens that the pitchers start throwing him fewer good pitches' b'and he starts making lots of outs (as someone speculated might happen),' b"*then* i would agree with you that he isn't taking enough pitches. my comment" b'that "he isn\'t paid to walk" doesn\'t mean that he should have a license' b"to swing at bad pitches and make outs; it's more along the lines of: he's" b"batting and leading the league in rbi's so what bloody difference" b"does it make if he isn't drawing a lot of walks? sheesh." b'' b"it's history, greg. andres' history is that he doesn't walk much because he" b"swings at bad pitches, so his average isn't very good. ab's doesn't mean" b'an awful lot compared to a history of a couple of thousand, especially when' b"there's ample evidence bb in that his basic hitting approach hasn't" b'changed. yeah, he might suddenly have turned into a hitter who never' b"walks, but don't bet the rent money on it." b'' b'' b'from an historical basis, middle east conflicts do not last a long time.' b'- vp dan quayle on nightline, october 