b'' b'' b"we have no way of knowing because we cannot separate morris' contribu-" b"tion from the rest of the team's. there is only one way of determin-" b'ing "best" in baseball. and that is by looking at the scoreboard at' b'the end of the game. each game determines which *team* is the best' b'that day. at the end of the season, the team that was the best the' b'most often is the best in the division. the playoffs determine the' b'best of the best. but the point is that the only decision making pro-' b'cess used to determine the "best" is the score of the game and it re-' b'lates to the *teams*. not the individual players. there is no method' b'inherent in baseball of comparing individual performances. and that' b'is how it should be, because, after all, baseball is a team game.' b'' b'and you know what? there is no such method inherent in real life' b'either. so i would assume you would endorse the notion that we' b'cannot state, with any level of objectivity, that mother theresa' b'has accomplished more good in this world than joseph stalin.' b'after all, life on earth is a team effort.' b'' b'if you want to select a group of statistics and claim that clemens has' b'done better with those statistics as a criteria, then fine. but you' b'have to be able to prove that those statistics measure the' b"individual's contribution to winning the ws because that is the" b'only measure of "best" that has any meaning in the context of base-' b'ball. so until you can prove that clemens contributes to a ws cham-' b'pionship more than morris your evaluation of clemens is totally sub-' b'jective and is mere opinion. i have yet to see that any of you can' b'predict a ws winner with any greater accuracy than jeanne dixon.' b'' b'have you tried glasses? i find them quite useful.' b'' b'after all, there must be some reason you choose to ignore the mounds' b"of evidence we present. it's too bad you feel it necessary to close" b'your mind and eyes to knowledge; you live a poorer life as a result' b'of that choice.' b'' b"heck, i'd wager that you could predict a ws winner with greater" b'accuracy than jeanne dixon. and you know why? because i have' b'full confidence that despite your protestations to the contrary,' b'you are quite capable of using the knowledge we can come up' b'with through statistical methods to boost your knowledge level.' b'' b"you don't have to be rude." b'' b'have you tried calling a kettle black?' b'' b'for you to say that means that you have either missed the entire point' b'of my argument, or you yourself have committed a fallacy ignoratio' b'elenchi. i am not saying that morris is better than clemens because' b'he has more rings (although i have, tongue in cheek, claimed' b'that in the past). i am saying that it is impossible to isolate an' b"individual's performance from that of his team's for the purpose of" b"comparing that individual's performance with another individual's per-" b'formance.' b'' b'in other words, in your world, you cannot objectively state that' b'jack morris was more important to the blue jays than al leiter last' b'year.' b'' b'in your world, that may indeed be true. fortunately, in the world' b"the rest of us occupy, it's not." b'' b'i hope you never serve on a jury, roger. i think the rest of the' b'jury would have to kill you. "there\'s no way i can objectively' b'judge the defendant to be innocent or guilty. you see, there are' b'2 billion other people on this planet. we have no way of knowing' b"whether the defendant would have committed the crime if it wasn't" b'for all the other people on the planet. we have no way of knowing' b'how the defendant would have acted had he been on a different planet,' b'because living on this planet is a team effort. and no individual' b'committs a crime totally isolated from his society; he is a part of' b'that society. that being case, anything i have to say on his' b'culpability would be absolute subjectivity, so i refuse to vote."' b'' b'greg' b'' 