b'' b'' b" well, officially it's the braves. at least up until they started winning" b' it was. are they still, officially?' b' if so, why? and how did they receive this label?' b'' b" unoffically, but without a doubt, america's team is the cubs. why?" b' well, my guess is because america loves underdogs. every year, no matter' b" the cubs' talent or the predictions, they never (as close to never as" b' possible) win anything. over the years, as the losing has mounted, america' b' has fallen in love with these perennial losers. the cubs have more fans' b' in chicago then some teams do worldwide. the cubs have more fans' b' worldwide than most of the teams in their division combined.' b' an aura of excitement surrounds the cubs at the beginning of the season' b' like no one else. (including the ws champs) it must be that eternal hope.' b' "this is the year. they\'ve got the talent. they\'re off to a good start.' b" they've got the pitching (or hitting, or whatever their strong point is" b' at the time)." it\'s that inevitability that the cubs will eventually' b" win the ws again. when? only god knows. since it's been so long, it" b' could come at any time, or it could be another years. but until they' b' do finally win, and start winning consistently, the cubs will remain' b" america's lovable underdogs. the cubs are...america's team." b' orin.' b' bradley u' b'' b'' b'' b' b" i'm really a jester in disguise!" b'' b'' b'you are absolutely correct. braves fans are nothing but a bunch of' b'bandwagoners. correct me if i am wrong, but or years ago you couldnt give' b'away a ticket to see the braves play.i would bet my next paycheck that of' b'the so-called braves fans living outside of georgia at the present time can not' b'name more than players from their season. on the other hand, ask any' b'cubs fan living anywhere in the united states to name players from any given' b'year and of them probably could.' b'granted, the fact that a team wins brings people to the ball park, but' b'that does not mean they diserve the title "america\'s team"' b"the only reason they are considered america's team is because of ted" b'turner and his little tv station which broadcasts across the nation.' b"i'll consider toronto america's team before the braves" b'' b'' b'go reds!' b'' b'--' b'chris babbitt' b'"all i want in life is a woman to love, and a woman to care for my kids.' b'hopefully the two will never meet."' 