b'' b'' b'' b' before folks jump on me, let me ask the net would the jays' b' have won the al with a good pitcher from aaa in place of morris (given' b" his run support)? how about an average ml pitcher? i can't believe" b" that morris' performance in the playoffs and series had a large positive" b' impact on the jays performance b'' b"i know it's very trendy nowadays to dump on morris, but let's give credit" b'where credit is due.' b'' b'it is doubtful that the blue jays would have won the al east without morris.' b'' b'well, when you say, without morris, you have to mention an assumed' b'replacement. if the alternative to morris was letting cito gaston' b'soft-toss the ball underhand to the opposition every days, then' b"of course the blue jays wouldn't have won without morris. if the" b"alternative was replacement level, then i think it would've been very" b"close, and yes, morris might've made the difference. if the alternative" b'was frank viola, the blue jays probably would have won more easily with' b'viola.' b'' b'last year, when the team went for the month of august, and all the' b'other starters were being shelled, and milwaukee was making a charge,' b"morris went with a pretty good era (i can't remember exactly)." b'' b'yes. you can make the argument that the his presence prevented' b'the team from collapsing in august.' b'' b"also, let's not underestimate the importance his innings to save" b"the bullpen every fifth day. if he didn't help us win the al east, forget" b'about the pennent and the world series.' b'' b'those innings were probably helpful.' b'' b"his run support was high runs) but so was stottlemyer's runs)" b'and he won only games. i do remember morris winning an inordinate number of' b'6-5 and ballgames, but this is to his credit. he pitched only as good' b'as he needed to be. when he was up in a ballgame, he just put it in cruise' b'control and threw the ball up there and let the batters "get themseleves out"' b'(i hate this expression!). an inexperienced pitcher would wear himself out' b'trying to make perfect pitches to keep his era down. but morris, being a' b'veteran pitcher, knows that winning is the only thing that really matters in' b'baseball. by saving himself, he was able to reach back for that little extra' b'(i hate this too!) when the game was on the line.' b'' b'well, i think is complete bs. what happened most of the time is that' b'morris fell behind, and the team came back and rescued him. mostly,' b"this is because he's a lousy 1st inning pitcher, and much better" b'the rest of the way. that the team can climb out of holes' b"consistently and win them is not to morris' credit; it's to the" b"team's credit." b'' b'furthermore, while morris did exceed the w-l percentage that would' b"be projected from his runs allowed and run support, he hasn't done" b'this in previous years. in fact, his w-l record in is a lot' b'worse than what it projects to be with run support and runs allowed.' b'do you think he just came up with this ability in b'' b'look at the postseason games he pitched decently in. typical' b"morris games. morris gets behind; team rescues him. he's not" b'responsible for that rescue. and in both those games, the team' b"just didn't rescue him enough. jack morris pitched as well as he did" b"during much of the season in those games; the offense just didn't" b'earn him a victory.' b'' b'btw, i think he should be put in the bullpen; it would be embarrassing a' b'veteran pitcher which cito would never do, but his era is how much more' b'can he be embarrassed?' b'' b"morris is one of those guys who will reture when he can't start" b"anymore; he's too bad a first inning pitcher to serve in the bullpen." b'' b'greg' 