b'' b'\tyou are absolutely correct. braves fans are nothing but a bunch of' b'bandwagoners. correct me if i am wrong, but or years ago you couldnt give' b'away a ticket to see the braves play.i would bet my next paycheck that of' b'the so-called braves fans living outside of georgia at the present time can not' b'name more than players from their season' b'' b'john smoltz, tom glavine, german jiminez, dale murphy, bruce sutter,' b'pete smith, rick mahler, jim acker, jim "break on through" morrison, ron' b'gant, andres thomas, gerald perry, ozzie "the aeneid" virgil, lonnie smith,' b'jerry royster.' b"how'm i doing so far?" b'note: i am not a braves fun.n' b'' b'on the other hand, ask any' b'cubs fan living anywhere in the united states to name players from any given' b'year and of them probably could.' b'' b'on the other hand ii like the braves *much* more than the' b'cubs. and all i can name is ron santo, ernie banks, and don kessinger' b'from my favorite cubbie season.' b'' b'\tgranted, the fact that a team wins brings people to the ball park, but' b'that does not mean they diserve the title "america\'s team"' b"\tthe only reason they are considered america's team is because of ted" b'turner and his little tv station which broadcasts across the nation.' b'' b"right. i've watched enough braves' games to know a great deal" b'of their players. i like many of their players. the only cubs games i' b'get to see while living in new york are those against the mets, and they' b'put me to sleep because, face it, watching guys like rick sutcliffe and' b"luis salazar doesn't put me at the edge of my chair.u" b'' b"\ti'll consider toronto america's team before the braves" b'' b'actually, i notice a lot of anti-toronto sentiment here in the' b'states. partly because of some of that post-series arrogance (thanks' b'in part to "upside-down flag" dork posts), partly because roberto alomar' b'is about as exciting as swiss cheese, and partly because, living in' b"baltimore during the winters, i've become so fond of o's fans (especially" b"those who call in to rex barney's radio show) that i have to side against" b'their most hated rivals.' b'' b'\tgo reds!' b'' b'sorry, but mets is spelled with an "m" and a "t".... b'' b'jason a. miller' b'"some doctor guy"' b'frank banananna: win!!!r' 