b'' b'[...]' b'\tyou are absolutely correct. braves fans are nothing but a bunch of' b'bandwagoners. correct me if i am wrong, but or years ago you couldnt give' b'away a ticket to see the braves play.i would bet my next paycheck that of' b'the so-called braves fans living outside of georgia at the present time can not' b'name more than players from their season. on the other hand, ask any' b'cubs fan living anywhere in the united states to name players from any given' b'year and of them probably could.' b'' b'you could be right. then again, you could be wrong. this claim is completely' b"unverifiable and untestable. i'd wager most of the braves fans on the net" b'could name more than players from their season.' b'' b'you could give away tickets to braves games. however, my dad and i were able' b"to get great seats from scalper for face value, which isn't exactly the sign" b'of a hot ticket...' b'' b'\tgranted, the fact that a team wins brings people to the ball park, but' b'that does not mean they diserve the title "america\'s team"' b"\tthe only reason they are considered america's team is because of ted" b'turner and his little tv station which broadcasts across the nation.' b'' b"this is *precisely* why they were considered america's team. even" b'(especially?) when they were bad, you could see most of the braves games on' b'cable. you could do that for the cubs as well, but the braves had better' b'camerawork, better announcers (what would you rather listen to harry discuss' b"the game, or skip and pete discuss motoball?), and teams that weren't *too*" b'much worse. because of tbs, the braves had a lot of fans outside of georgia.' b'at home in kentucky, even though we were much closer to cincinnati there was' b'as many braves fans as reds fans, even in you could actually watch the' b'braves play you had to go to cincinnati to watch the reds. i can go' b'anywhere in america and watch the braves.' b'' b"\ti'll consider toronto america's team before the braves" b'' b"why? i'd guess that braves fans are more widely distributed than toronto" b'fans.' b'--' b'' b'"it is considered good to look wise, especially when not' b'overburdened with information" j. golden kimball' 