b'' b'2. wade boggs.' b' i live in boston and like wade a lot. but, his career is' b' winding down and i would rather see the yanks start to develop' b' a long term solution (i.e. hensley muelins, russ davis, velarde?).' b" besides, wade just doesn't have any range. what a shame about" b' charlie hayes, huh?' b'who would you have playing 3b, wade boggs or charlie hayes? my choice' b'is boggs. no contest. it will give them time to develop younger talent' b'in an area the yankee farm system seems to be deficient.' b'' b'a-hem. two words: russell davis. playing in the cavern at albany (aa) last' b'year down the alleys and to center), davis went b"with homers. there aren't any small parks on the road in the eastern" b"league, either. he's and his mle was hr. i have no" b"fielding statistics, but from seeing him a number of times last year i'd say" b"that he's not brooks robinson, but neither is he howard johnson. unless they" b'think they can win the pennant *this year* (which seems possible) and need' b"boggs to do it, i think they're making the same sort of mistake with davis" b'that boston made with boggs, leaving him in the minors for two or three' b"years after he'd shown that he was a good hitter." b'' b'3. spike owen.' b" see wade boggs. i'd much rather see them develop dave silvestri" b' or whoever. wade and spike next to each other in the infield is' b' going to raise the yankee staff era point. and these guys' b' are on the down sides of their careers.' b'too bad they gave up on randy valarde. too many trips on the columbus' b'shuttle!' b'' b'hrm? they still have him on the roster ab through the first two weeks).' b"they've just never figured out what to do with him. i suspect that he hits" b'enough (especially vs. lefties) to be a reasonable shortstop. one rumor' b'running around during spring training was that they wanted to convert' b'silvestri to be a catcher(!) because "his body type was wrong for a' b'shortstop". you\'d think that somebody in the same *division*, who plays' b'baltimore about a dozen times a year, would know better.' b'' b'' b'if one of our guys went down, i just doubled it. no confusion there. it' b"didn't require a rhodes scholar. if two of my teammates went down, four of" b'yours would. i had to protect my guys.' b'- don drysdale' 