b'' b'' b'actually, i think the large-scale sample size is part of the problem.' b'it seems to me that if we were to plot all the players in baseball' b'in regard to ba vs. clutch ba deviation we would get some kind of' b'bell curve. (the x-axis being the deviation in clutch hitting' b'vs. non-clutch; the y-axis being the number of players.) certainly' b'there would be *some* players on the extreme ends of the bell. my' b'*supposition* is that if we were to find the same players consistently' b'(year after year) at one end of the bell or the other, then we might' b'be able to make some reasonable conclusions about *those* players' b'(as opposed to all baseball players).' b'' b"let's be careful here. if players' performance was completely random" b'in (clutch-no clutch), then you would still expect some players to be' b'good in the clutch every year and some to be not-so-good every year.' b"with two years worth of data, you'd have of the players good each" b'year, bad each year, and would have one good and one bad year.' b"we have players for years just flipping a coin, you'd" b'expect players to be good all years and to be bad every year.' b'this is what we actually get--' b'' b'no. of good years b'clutch performers b'coin flip (random) b'' b'essentially the distribution of clutch performers by number of years' b'of good performance is the same as what you would get if the process' b'leading to deviations from non-clutch performance was completely random.' b'if there was anything to clutch hitting (at least in this definition)' b'that had any predictive capability, you expect to see the number of' b'players at the ends to be much larger than that predicted by flipping' b'a coin. further, if you limit yourself to players who were a lot above' b'or below average in clutch situations (say, standard deviation from' b'the mean) more than one year, the random explanation still looks good.' b"in the four years that i looked at the data from elias, there" b'were players with a minimum of at bats in clutch' b'situations that were sigma from the mean two different years. of' b'those players, of them changed sign between the two' b'years. in other words, they were great clutch hitters one year and' b'really horrible the other year. if it was just a random process,' b"you'd expect those numbers to be b'' b"everything that's been measured about clutch hitting over a period" b'of years that could be used to predict any ability with any' b'proposed definition has looked like a random process (with the' b'caveat that there may be something related to platoon advantage' b'that could be dragged out of the data--e.g., john lowenstein' b'probably never had a "clutch" ab against a left-handed pitcher,' b'but he might well have had some in blowouts, so that there would' b'be a bias since his clutch abs would be more geared to his' b'platoon advantage). this is not a subject that has been glanced' b'at casually. a lot of people have put a lot of effort into' b'studying it and every one of them, with the exception of the' b'elias study, has been unable to find anything that would allow' b'you to predict how someone will do in clutch situations better' b'than flipping a coin. (self-serving plug follows: some of the' b'flaws in the elias study are discussed in my paper in the forth-' b'coming sabr book, _the perfect game_, by taylor publishing. the' b'authors are supposed to get a slice of the advance, so go bug' b'your local bookstores now, and maybe i can get enough to take my' b'wife to dinner once.:-)' b'' b'harold' b'--' b'national severe storms laboratory (norman, ok)' b'"i used to work for a brewery, too, but i didn\'t drink on the job."' b"-p. bavasi on dal maxvill's view that florida can win the nl east in 