b'' b'like clinton and reno, i accept full responsibility for this' b'senseless disaster. my wife and i picked this game to go to' b'and thus caused the return of the pre-season-projected sox' b"offense. like all no-no's bosio was good, lucky (hard grounder" b"by vaughn off t. martinez' glove but straight to boone who" b'threw to bosio at first, and backed by good defense' b'(many non-trivial groundouts). the game was amazingly fast,' b'as the sox tended to go down quickly and hesketh was also' b'working fast. the sox relief pitching was ok the runs off' b'quantrill were on two ridiculous bloops and a hard line single' b'which greenwell let get past him trying for a catch.' b'' b"greenwell's mental stability is a serious concern (i guess it" b'has always been, but his quirks were amusing back when he was' b'an mvp candidate). wednesday he got in a huff with johnson a' b'after striking out on a bad inside pitch (apparently johnson' b'made an "ok, i\'ve got to stay focused" gesture which iron mike' b'interpreted as taunting), and struck out to heavy booing the' b'next two times. as valentine noted, last night he came up in' b'the first after riles and quintana had walked to open the game.' b'can you say "take the first pitch"? not mike, who dribbled it' b'into a the pi quoted bosio that this was a "batting' b'practice fastball". next time up he also hit the first pitch,' b'a hard liner straight to kgjr in center. he also made the' b"pathetic error and failed to catch boone's hr (which looked" b'comparable to the ball lance johnson caught on the highlight' b'reel that night).' b'' b"is riles suppsoed to be good defensively? i couldn't tell from" b'the field angle but his range looked bad, and he coughed a dp' b'that cost a run or two. why was he leadoff? i hope fletcher' b'gets well soon.' b'' b'also on lineups, pinella put bret boone fifth for reasons beyond' b'me. it seemed to work, as he was with a hr and some good' b'defense (a wag behind us said "he sure don\'t want to go back to' b'calgary!") there is a theory that you put a leadoff type fifth' b"because they'll likely lead off the second (as boone did)." b'' b'well, now we face the hot angels and another power pitcher in' b'langston. a reminder that contest entries are open through next' b'wednesday i expect a surge of pessimism. by the way, ties will' b'be broken by earliest entry. one entry per person or pseudonym,' b'please, and easy on the pseudonyms.' b'' b'dave mb' 