b'' b'' b"if this is true (note that i don't think it is), lasorda should be" b'fired for at least two reasons:' b'' b' publicly humiliating his players;' b' knuckling under to his players wishes.' b'' b'i did not write that! in fact, those statements were a rebuttal to' b'an earlier posting that i made, and this was culled from my *strong*' b'rebuttal to those statements. please! slander. shame.' b'' b'' b'there is a fine line between "getting players\' input" and "knuckling' b'under to players\' demands." a manager, much like a military officer,' b"needs to have his (her) players' complete obedience and respect during" b"a game. after the game, it's no big deal, but when there is no time" b'to do more than react, players must trust the manager or the team often' b'falls apart (see: boston red sox, ff. b'' b'' b'"after the game, it\'s no big deal" after the employees leave' b"the workplace, it doesn't matter what they say about the boss or the" b'company? puhlease.' b'' b'' b"strawberry's demeanor as represented by the media, often sounds like" b'demands. i suspect that a comment like "i enjoy hitting fourth; i\'m' b'used to it" would get pretty brutally misinterpreted by the media if' b'it came from strawberry. russ porter quoted strawberry as saying,' b'"i feel more comfortable hitting cleanup and i think i perform best' b'in that role." (paraphrased by my memory and bias.) that seems like' b'a fairly non-petulant answer to what was almost certainly a question' b'like, "how do you feel about being moved to the third spot in the order?"' b'' b'' b"first, it's ross porter. second, i am really tired of seeing the kind" b'of response that indicates that all i do is parrot what some media' b'person says or writes. i have a brain. if i choose to characterize' b"something in a certain fashion, it's because that is what i believe" b'to be accurate. it is not just because some unnamed "mediot" made' b'the characterization.' b'' b'a more media-sensitive player might answer "the manager knows what he is' b'doing. if he thinks that batting me third will help the team, then i' b'am all for it." we\'d ignore that answer as brown stuff, so it seems a' b"little bit of an overreaction to brand darryl's response as petulant." b'' b"i did *not* brand darryl's response as petulant, because i never heard" b'any response from darryl. i did call him a name. i referred to him' b'as a primadonna. someone else concluded that i did that because i' b'"hate" him. i don\'t hate him. i think he\'s a primadonna. if you' b'disagree, fine. but stop putting words in my mouth.' b'' b'' b'' b'--\tthe beastmaster' b'' b'' b'' b'' b'--' b'mark singer' 