b'' b'who thinks the astros are going places???' b"they're currently first place." b"they're on the road!" b'' b"i agree, lumberjack (except that they're in 2nd)! they are going places b'san diego, los angeles, san francisco, cincinnati, denver, atlanta, miami,' b'philadelphia, new york, montreal, pittsburgh, chicago, st. louis...and' b'points in between. b'' b'but,' b"they're at home!" b'' b'but,' b'they faced the phillies a team that got off to an start.' b'' b'' b'' b"i'm just not used to an overly enthusiastic houston fan. i really shouldn't" b'discourage it, so hang in there, lumberjack! (but, get ahold of that shift' b'key, will ya?)' b'' b"obbase: apparently the new owner (drayton mclain (sp?)) doesn't particularly" b'like excuses. an item in our paper (the austin american-statesman "if you' b'read it here, it was somewhere else first") said that he wouldn\'t take' b'injuries as an excuse for losing because that possibility should have been' b"accounted for. uh, oh. i don't want an owner that'll keep everybody on" b"edge i'd never gotten that feeling about him, but who knows? does" b'' b'' b'to be honest, i think the city of houston loves the new owner. he has' b'brought baseball back to houston with key acquisitions players that' b"were from the houston area and wanted to play for the astros. i don't" b'think that too many people are fearful that mclane will meddle in the team' b"as he has already admitted that he doesn't know a whole lot about baseball." b"mclane is a businessman, and doesn't like excuses. he makes a valid point" b"that injuries shouldn't be an excuse to this club. look at the depth of the" b'bench this season.. canadele can play positions; bass and james are solid' b'outfielders and can hit well too; uribe is nice to have as well.. the' b"pitching staff has legitimate starters. we're dealing with a young" b"houston team, so injuries shouldn't play a big role. the only threat is" b'the bullpen if jonesy goes out, we may be in trouble but with the' b'type of starters we have this season, there is less pressure on the pen.' b'' b'--- b'david s. schwam' b'university of houston' b'--- b'' 