b'' b'' b' writes:' b'' b' just watch me. mattingly is a below average fielder.' b'' b' before you start up, yes, i have proof. there are really only two' b' adequate ways to measure fielding prowess. the first, which has the' b' advantage of being applicable to older players, since it uses raw data' b' available for almost all of mlb history, is the total chances per game' b' method favored by the total baseball people among others. it basically' b' says that you measure a fielder by how many balls he gets to.' b'' b'but it is subject to all kinds of bias, and is almost completely useless' b'for first basemen. from the raw stats, there is no way to tell which of' b"a first baseman's putouts were made on throws from other fielders, and" b"which were made on his own plays; likewise, you can't tell whether a" b'double play was or fielding runs thus gives a first' b'baseman no credit for putouts or double plays, only for assists and' b'errors.' b'' b'it thus favors first basemen who play deep, reaching a lot of balls but' b'forcing the pitcher to cover first more frequently. it also hurts first' b'baseman who play behind left-handed pitching staffs and thus face few' b'left-handed batters.' b'' b' a better method, but newer and based ondata that has only been collected' b' over the last few years, measures the percentage of balls hit into the' b' part of the field the guy is responsible for.' b'' b"this is better; of course, it still isn't all of a first baseman's" b'defense.' b'' b" some references: mattingly's defensive rating, stats method, from" b" mike gimbel's baseball player and team ratings: b'' b'defensive average, which uses larger (and probably better) zones, has' b'mattingly tied for second in the league.' b'' b' on the other hand, he has contributed runs by his batting' b' actions, a pretty healthy number.' b'' b'while batting runs is good, it is mostly in the past; the runs he' b"produced in don't say much about his value in b'' b'--' b'"we are sorry, but the number you have dialed is imaginary."' b'"please rotate your phone degrees and try again."' b'disclaimer: i speak for no one and no one speaks for me.' 