b'' b'' b' \tideally, dhs "should" be the strongest offensive players, because' b' any schmoe can play dh if he can hit. that would take care of position' b" corrected anomolies such as frank's. since that is not the case (and why" b' not? is it always this way?) then we are going to have trouble finding the' b' true value of dhs using the same models as that for position players.' b'' b'there are several reasons for this difference. the main reason is that' b'good hitters in their prime (such as frank thomas and danny tartabull)' b"are rarely regular dh's, even if they can't field; it's more commonly a" b'place to put aging veterans.' b'' b'another use of the dh slot is to help a player come back from injury' b'slowly, getting his bat in the lineup without forcing him to play in the' b"field. i would expect such players to hit worse as dh's than they did" b'during the rest of the season.' b'' b'a third factor is that most player who split time between dh and first' b"or the outfield don't hit as well as dh's for some reason. reggie" b'jackson was a good example; in five years as a rf/dh for the angels, he' b'hit like the old reggie when he was in right.' b'' b'the second and third factors will be lost if players are considered by' b'their primary position only; a player who plays games in right and b"at dh will count only in the right fielders' averages." b'' b' \ta logical starting place would be to look at defensive replacement' b' value (if you can find it) for 1b or lf or something. we can assume that' b' if forced to play defense they would play at true zero value, even though i' b' doubt this is actually true for players like winfield and molitor. this' b' would let us "discount" the time they spend playing dh, because that' b' forces the team to find another real fielder to play.' b'' b'this makes sense; you might also look at it another way. although the' b'*average* offensive performance of a dh may be lower than for a left' b'fielder, the *replacement-level* offensive performance is certainly' b"lower; if you are a left fielder but can't hit well enough to keep a job" b"anywhere, then you certainly can't hit well enough to keep a job at dh." b'' b'' b'--' b'"we are sorry, but the number you have dialed is imaginary."' b'"please rotate your phone degrees and try again."' b'disclaimer: i speak for no one and no one speaks for me.' 