b'' b'' b'' b'i think sac flies are the only way obp can be below ba.' b'' b'' b'does this seem dumb to anyone else?' b'(the fact not the comment.)' b'' b"why should a batter's obp be hurt by a sac fly? especially if sac" b"bunts don't have the same effect, since they do the same thing," b'but sac flies usually score a run while bunts just advance a base.' b'' b'but both of these situations involve the batter giving up an ab for' b'the benefit of the team (sacrifice)? so why should it hurt their' b'stats?' b'' b'the sac bunt is a purposeful act, ordered by the manager.' b'the batter does not go up "trying" to get a sac fly, and the' b'evidence available indicates that there is no such ability b"players can't will themselves to hit sac flies, they fly out" b"to the same place just as often when there's nobody on third." b'' b'greg' b'' b'' b'' b'sorry, i gotta disagree here. last time i played ball, i went up on' b'several occasions intending to hit a fly ball deep enough to score the' b"runner from third or advance a runner to third. it's relatively easy" b'actually... you swing under the path of the ball you normally would to' b"hit a good line drive. with fastballs it's very easy, much more" b'difficult with good breaking balls. a good hitter with excellent bat' b'control can voluntarily hit fly balls to the outfield at least, oh, b'of the time?' b'' b"you haven't been facing major league pitching." b'' b'maybe more... you have to be good at the plate, and most' b'of those guys are just as likely to opt for getting the base hit and' b'helping their average as getting the sacrifice. the best example i know' b'of is jerry willard in the series against minnesota. all he had to' b'do was put one in the of and the game was over. he swung waaaaaay past' b'parallel and accomplished (barely) getting the run in safely.' b'' b'stats did a little study in the scoreboard book entitled "can' b'you hit sacrifice flies on purpose?" a summary of the findings:' b'' b'over the year period, sac-fly type fly balls were produced b'percent of the time in situations where a sac fly was useful, and' b"17.7 percent of the time when a sac fly wasn't useful." b'' b'they looked at the leaders in sac flies, and found that the leaders' b'in sac flies in other words, the guys you would expect to be good' b'at it it hit sac fly type fly balls only more often when they' b'needed to a difference way too small to be the result of a skill.' b'essentially, the players who hit a lot of sac flies seem to do' b'so because they hit hit sac fly type flies often, with and without' b'a runner on third.' b'' b'stats concludes "so it appears conclusive that hitters cannot hit' b'sacrifice flies on purpose even if they practice in the batting' b'cage."' b'' b'greg' 