b'' b'' b'' b': compiled from the last five defensive average reports, here are the career' b': das for the individual players in the reports. stats are courtesy of' b': sherri nichols. players are listed in descending order.' b'' b': and some comments, with some players deleted.' b'' b': third basemen' b': b': leius, scott b": looks good. too bad he's moving to short." b'' b': pagliarulo, mike b': this is an interesting line. his figure was slightly below average.' b': his was pathetic, and his was the next best year by anybody. part of' b': that may be his mobility. was with the yankees. was with the' b': padres, who appear to have a rotten infield. was with the twins, and' b': judging by leius and gaetti, the metrodome may be a good place to play' b': third.' b'' b'gaetti, gary b'' b"apologies if i don't know what i'm talking about but as a twins fan," b'i like to think they have good players in any park. not sure if i remember' b"completely or not, but i think gaetti played with the twins in for the" b"world series, and again in (note that's his lowest of the i believe" b'the next (or at least the last two) were played with the angels.' b'' b"actually, gaetti's first year with california was his da wasn't" b'out of line with his career averages, and his was actually below average' b'in but check out the last three years at the metrodome.' b'' b'1990' b'gaetti b'al avg b'1991' b'pags b'leius b'al avg b'1992' b'leius b'al avg b'' b'for the last three years, the highest das in either league have been posted' b'by minnesota players three different ones, including one (pags) who was' b"mediocre to horrible elsewhere. that doesn't *prove* a park effect is at" b"work, any more than san diego's horrible infield numbers prove a park effect" b'is at work. but it looks like a strong possibility to me.' b'' b'lots' b'of factors make a player excell... i hate it when so many use the dome.' b'it may not be ideal, but nice to comfortably enjoy baseball and football' b"even when it's snowing and raining." b'' b'and it might even be a nice play to thrid base.' b'--' b'' b'"it is considered good to look wise, especially when not' b'overburdened with information" j. golden kimball' 