b'' b'' b'twins update posted april b'---------------------------------------------' b'the twins defeated the milwaukee brewers today to conclude a three game' b'homestand with the brew crew. the twins took two of three games in the series,' b'with scores as follows:' b'' b'tuesday april 20th mn b'mil b'winning pitcher banks b'' b'wednesday april 21st mil b'mn b'lp hartley b'' b'thursday april 22nd mn b'mil b'wp deshaies b'sa aguilera' b'' b'highlight/low lights of the series:' b'------------------------------------' b'jim deshaies continues to be the surprise of not only the twins, but of' b"the american league as well. going into today's game, deshaies was b'with a era. deshaies allowed earned runs in innings, meaning' b'his era will climb slightly. deshaies, who came to mn via a trade with' b'philadelphia which sent david west there, continues to make andy macphail' b'look like a true genius.' b'' b'willie banks has put together two solid starts for the twins, going innings' b'on monday while coasting on solid twins hitting. deshaies and banks now' b'combine for of the twins eight victories, while tapani/mahomes/erickson are' b'0-5.' b'' b"wednesday's game marked the first opposing left-handed starting pitcher for the" b'twins this year (rickey bones). the twins teed off against both him and' b'subsequent relief, including a grand slam by kent hrbek which pushed the lead' b'to the twins pitching staff could not hold the lead, though, allowing' b'4 walks in the 7th inning, of which scored and coming with bases loaded.' b'tapani gave up one walk before being relieved, guthrie two walks, and mike' b'hartley one walk before the inning was over. this tied the game at and' b'the brew crew rocked mike hartley for runs in the top of the tenth to win' b'it.' b'' b'aguilera continues to be shaky against the brew crew. of career blown' b"saves have come against the brew crew, and today's game was shaky as well." b'coming into the ninth with a lead, aguilera gave up a solo hr to vaughn,' b'then hits to darryl hamilton and dickie thon before finally retiring the' b'side. once again, the tying run made it to second base on aggie.' b'weak hearted twins fans are advised not to watch aggie in the ninth.' b'' b'general news' b'-------------------------------------' b'pedro munoz continues to improve as an outfielder, playing in left field on' b"tuesday's game. he continues to bat weakly against right handed pitching," b'though, which has limited his playing time. gene larkin and jt bruett(former' b'gopher) have been playing right field, as both can bat left handed.' b'' b'the twins begin a three game series with the detroit tigers tomorrow. starting' b'pitching is tentatively scheduled as erickson, mahomes, banks. the detroit' b'tigers have had two run games in the last ten days, and should provide' b'quite a challenge to the young mn pitching staff.' b'' b"the twins have hr's this year, three each from puckett, hrbek, and winfield," b'the third, fourth, and fifth batters, respectively.' b'' b'brian harper pegged of the first baserunners attempting to steal second' b'this year, and shows much improvement in this category.' b'' b'jim deshaies has three pick-offs and one balk this year. some say he' b'has the best 1st base move in baseball. this move has enabled him to pitch' b'out of some tight early jams, and has certainly contributed to his b'start. watch to see if umpiring crews began calling the balk more tightly' b'in response to opposing team complaints about his leg kicking behind the' b'rubber on the pick-off move.' b'' b'' b'' b'american west won lost pct. gb last streak home road' b'california angels won b'texas rangers lost b'minnesota twins lost b'chicago white sox won b'seattle mariners won b'oakland athletics lost b'kansas city royals won b'' 