b'' b'' b'right. so who cares which player gets credited, as long as the team' b'gets more runs? if a player helps the team get more r and rbi, but' b"doesn't score them all himself, who cares?" b'' b"amusing, isn't it? seems only the sdcns realize how much baseball is" b'a *team* game, combining efforts from every player for the win.' b'' b'consider the red sox game last night. the sox won in the bottom' b'of the 13th. who won the game?' b'' b'-clemens pitched a strong nine innings, allowing only two runs.' b'-ryan pitched a couple shutout innings, though he needed some excellent' b'defensive plays behind him to do so.' b'-quantrill pitched a couple of innings, gave up the go-ahead run, and' b'got credited with the win when the sox scored two in the bottom of' b'the inning.' b'' b'looks like a team effort to me! yet only quantrill got credit for' b'the win.' b'' b'how about the offense?' b'-dawson and vaughn hit (i think) hrs early in the game. without either' b'one, the sox would have lost in nine.' b'-quintana led off the 13th with a solid single.' b'-zupcic pinch-ran for quintana, providing the speed to go from first' b'to third when...' b'-cooper ripped a *second* single in the inning.' b'-melvin avoided the dp, getting the run home with a sac fly. not much of' b'a help, but it was something.' b'-scrub richardson then hit a double, scoring the speedy cooper all the' b"way from first! (hill's lack of defense helped.)" b'' b'cooper and zupcic were credited with runs, melvin and richardson were' b"credited with rbis. but it seems to me that it was quintana's hit" b'that set up the whole inning! and did melvin really contribute as' b'much as richardson?' b'' b'furthermore, people seem to consider rbis to be more significant than' b'runs. did melvin contribute more than cooper? cooper provided the' b'game-winning baserunner, and moved the tying run to third base with' b'only one out!' b'' b'assigning credit based on runs and rbis is clearly ridiculous. you' b"can argue that obp and slg don't show you who came through in the" b"clutch, but r&rbi don't do any better. at least obp and slg don't" b'*claim* to try to tell you that.' b'' b"here's to the red sox who contributed to last night's victory." b'all of them!' b'' b'-valentine' 