b'' b"there's too many 's here for my taste by now, which means i've" b"reached my maximum depth on this thread. i've cut out some things" b'below, but nothing that should affect the sense of the discussion.' b'' b"i agree. i'll delete more as well." b'' b'' b'perhaps you can give a more recent citation of any player mentioned as a' b'malingerer? thanks.' b'' b"i guess i don't understand your question. i was trying to imply that" b"the accusations of glenn davis' malingering were certainly not played" b'up very much.' b'' b"still, if the 'whispers' reached san francisco, it is certainly possible they" b'were stronger elsewhere. also, it was teammates making the aspersions. in any' b'event, i know of no other player to be maligned in the last couple years.' b'' b'but, in any case, i believe mike lavalliere has been accused of poor' b'work habits and general sloth recently (probably not malingering),' b"just as he was being released. it's interesting that nobody heard" b'much about these problems before if they were so important.' b'' b'i have heard sanders called many things as well. i have not heard him called' b'lazy. given the 2-sport phenomenon, it would be difficult to label him as' b'such.' b'' b'exactly so. which means his media detractors have had to say other' b"things about him. i believe it's a general phenomenon that if writers" b"don't like you, they'll find a label that will stick no matter who you" b'are. i find myself more interested in the selection of labels than in' b'why writers feel they need to act this way. (not that this fascinates' b'me that much, either.)' b'' b"uh, the original author's point was that black and white players were por-" b'trayed differently by "the media", and towards this, he gave a highly selected' b'list to "prove" his case. sanders\' name showed up eventually. i dispute that' b'sanders has ever been called lazy by "the media".' b'' b'hmm, big ego, possible club house disturbance, etc. is that good press?' b'' b"no, but it isn't the total extent of the press he received in" b'pittsburgh, where he was called all kinds of things including lazy and' b'spoiled by the local columnists. again, the actual words used may' b'shift around with time and expediency, but "lazy" tends to be higher' b'on the list for non-white players, at least in my subjective opinion.' b'' b'[aside: it might be interesting for somebody to do an archival study' b'on player descriptions before and after the color barrier was broken,' b'and on teams like the red sox which have been traditionally white.' b'nowadays, most people think of carl yastrzemski as one of those' b'blue-collar, hard-working guys, but in the early 70s he was often' b'portrayed as a lazy bum. really.]' b'' b'hmm. i never heard anyone accuse canseco of being lazy. nor sierra.' b'' b"i've heard accusations that canseco was a bad fielder, but could be a" b'great one "if he put his mind to it". ignoring whether or not he is a' b'' b'actually, dave stewart is (was) one of the most vocal about this. in any' b'event, that is not "lazy".' b'' b'at least one poster in the last week has fired off a major screed on the' b'canseco-is-lazy issue, so i think your point is at best a quibble, and' b'probably weaker than that.' b'' b'uh, that poster specifically stated "allow me to be the first". it is not a' b'quibble, then, to state that "the media" did not portray canseco as being' b'lazy. if the other person chooses to so accuse him, after my post, that does not' b'make it a quibble. and in fact, the media around here tend(ed) to play up his' b'time in the wieght room. hardly "lazy", and hardly a "quibble". have you ever' b'seen any "mediot" portray canseco as "lazy"? unconcerned with his fielding, yes.' b'lazy, no.' b'' b'bad fielder, i think this is still interesting. for that matter, i' b"think canseco's colorful off-field antics get lots more national" b'attention than those of, say, roger clemens.' b'' b"well, he's had a few more of them." b'' b"at least more that you've heard about. i think one of the questions" b'here surrounds selective reporting. having said that, i have to say' b'that the selective reporting hypothesis has the potential to be' b"unfalsifiable, at least by those of us who aren't reporters, police," b'or private investigators.' b'' b'well, canseco has been involved in several felonies, including his high-speed' b'record, carrying concealed fire-arms, and of course the domestic violence.' b'clemens had a run-in at a bar. canseco had that, as well, and in both cases, the' b'coverage was relatively minimal.' b'' b'puckett? stewart? jackson?' b'' b'i said "over-represent" non-whites. three anecdotal data points don\'t' b'make an interesting counter-argument. btw--which jackson are we talking' b'about here? reggie, bo, darrin, danny, or b'' b'uh, if the only evidence offered is anecdotal, how can it be objected that the' b'counter to it is also anecdotal?' b'' b'and it seems like everybody who has ever won a batting title (among' b'others) has been accused at some time of "caring more for his own' b'stats than for the good of the team". it also seems to me that you\'re' b'' b'kirby puckett? i have never heard this accusation made of puckett. i' b"have heard it of boggs. actually, i believe it of him, but that's another" b'matter.' b'' b"not living in minnesota, i can't say whether or not this line has ever" b"been used against kirby there. as far as boggs goes, i'm not sure why" b"you bring him up, since he's one of the obvious prototypes for the line" b'i quoted (along with ted williams, rod carew, and many others).' b'' b'uh, yes, and i agree with your assesment of boggs, rather specifically. however,' b'you did say "everybody who has ever won a batting title" has been accused of' b'selfishness. i have not ever, anywhere, heard this said of puckett. pendleton,' b'either. similarly, brett, b williams, and others.' b'' b'how about daryl strawberry? and i think the plus or minus refers more to' b'the "born again" types, ie, butler and gaetti.' b'' b'again, you seem to be making an argument from anecdotes. on the other' b'hand, my argument by is of the because-jon-says-so variety if we have' b'no other data. i have to admit i have problems generating lists of' b'non-white players who became (in)famous for their religious or' b'political beliefs, while names like butler, gaetti, dravecky, knepper,' b'hersheiser, et al. come rolling out.' b'' b'there are others. perhaps they are simply not as outspoken, except in the' b'case of the "born-again" types i mention.' b'' b'mike' 