b'' b'' b': hi there,' b':' b": i'm german and i have been into this mlb stuff since almost one year now." b': there are many problems occuring for me. one of them is the era statistic for' b': pitchers. what does it say b'' b'era indicates the average number of earned runs attributed to a pitcher per' b'nine inning game. thus, if a pitcher pitched innings and gave up earned' b'run, his inning equivelent perfomance would be earned runs, thus his era' b'is to compute the era you simply take the number of earned runs divided' b'by the innings pitched and then multiple the result by b'' b'\tera (er/ip) b'' b'i think there is another formula for era. i heard something about it last' b'year. im not sure what it is, but im gonna give it a stab. it allows for' b'a pitcher to pitch more than innings at a time and not benefit, cuz it' b'uses outs recorded instead of innings pitched...' b'' b'era (er*27)/outs recorded' b'' b'like i said, im not sure this is exactly it, but im pretty sure they changed' b'it to something of the sort.' b'' b'' b'an earned run is run that is given up by the pitcher that is not attributed' b'to a fielding error. more specifically, if an error occurs that represented' b'the third out, all runs scored after the error are considered unearned runs.' b'earned runs are also runs scored as a result of players who were left on base' b'when the pitcher exited the game. here are some examples:' b'' b'\tif there are two outs in an inning and there are men on base. if' b'\tan error occurs that represents the third out, all of the runs after' b'\tthis error and not counted as earned runs.' b'' b'\tif a pitcher issues some base on balls (walks), and leaves the game' b'\tbefore the inning is completed, he is responsible for the people who' b'\twere left on base. if the those runners who were left on base score,' b'\tand the score was not a result of an error, those eraned runs are' b'\tattributed to the pitcher who left the game.' b'' b'i hope this explains things for you.' b'' b'\t\t\t\t\tjoe' b'' b'' b'' b'' 